71357,"Great professor! Manages to entertain a whole lecture hall when he teaches. Hilarious and will always keep your attention.",awesome
71357,"Frank's easily one of the best professors at UND and goes out of his way to get to know his students. Knows all the course content extremely well, and keeps you engaged the whole time. Some of his stories are awesome. Do the memory matrices, crosswords, and study guides and you'll easily pass. Go to class because his powerpoints are fill in.",awesome
71357,"Frank is easily one of the most knowledgeable professors at UND. He's also incredibly likable and approachable, and his lectures are genuinely interesting.",awesome
71357,"I've had two classes with Frank White and I honestly wish he taught more than just Sociology. He is always helpful, friendly, and personable. The world needs more Frank White and I'm willing to take any class he is teaching.",awesome
71357,"Frank White is the BEST professor at UND. He can turn the most boring topic into something that you're literally on the edge of your seat to hear. He's extremely knowledgeable and up-to-date on his material, genuinely cares about his students, and takes the time to get to know them. He's got a great sense of humor  and is well respected by everyone",awesome
71357,"Great class, great teacher. He does use power points now. Either use your computer to fill in the notes or print out the power points and bring them to class to fill in the rest of the lecture notes.",awesome
71357,"Interesting and entertaining.  Instructor makes this class a pleasure and is very high energy.  He was always willing to answer questions and provide assistance and was happy to have engaged students.  Even if you aren't a SOC major, take this class!",awesome
71357,"Funny, interesting, and helpful! Definitely recommend Dr. White! He gets to know his students (which is amazing that he knows so many in such a large lecture) and enjoys what he does!",awesome
71357,"Frank is one of the best teachers at UND. It's sad that he's now done with the big lecture classes, because otherwise I'd highly recommend you take them. Intro to Soc. was extremely easy anyway, but he made going to class fun and that made the class awesome.",awesome
71357,"Most interesting prof. I've ever had. Even if you're not interested in the material his lectures will get you listening. Attendance is pretty much required with easy daily quizzes but it was honestly never a struggle to convince myself to go to this class. Definitely take at least one class from him.",awesome
71357,"Frank is by far one of the best teachers at UND. Lectures are very entertaining, and he has a fun sense of humor and great story-telling ability. Posts online memory matrices, review information, and a lecture outline to guide students. Highly recommend taking the class.",awesome
71357,"Frank White was a great professor! I looked forward to going to class because Frank was funny and outgoing during lectures and passionate toward what he was teaching. The tests were not to bad as long as you went to class and studied for them.",awesome
71357,"One of the best teachers i've ever had, all his classes are lecture based, he has a funny story for every topic he is talking about. Made coming to class fun. Highly recommended",awesome
71357,"Such a great professor.  He made and effort to get to know me personally.  Also, he makes class very interesting.  He talks about personal stories to help you understand the material.",awesome
71357,"AMAZING professor. He is the reason I switched my major to Sociology. Always attend class because he does not put notes online. If you can, bring your laptop for notes. He jumps around a lot and fills in things he missed during his lecture so it's easiest to use your computer and he doesn't use powerpoint.",awesome
71357,"Very interesting, has stories for everything. Doesn't use powerpoint which makes class much more interactive but make sure to take notes because most of the exam is based off of class. Best professor I've had at UND and very approachable",awesome
71357,"He was a great professor! If you take the time to talk to him and get to know him it will benefit you in the end.  Go to class though and pay attention, he doesn't put the notes online and he talks really fast! But overall he makes class interesting!",awesome
71357,"Frank is the best professor I've had. If you go to class and take the notes (he doesn't put them on powerpoint) it's an easy A. He tells funny stories and makes class really interesting.",good
71357,"Very entertaining.  Keeps you engaged! He connects things to real world stuff so it's easy to understand which makes the tests easy!",awesome
71357,"EXCELLENT teacher. if you are taking sociology take it from him. He is very funny and entertaining. you have to attend class or you wont have the notes for the tests which are 70% off of lecture notes. the other 30% is from the book which you have to read. he gives a study guide which is very helpful.",awesome
71357,"He is definitely the best professor I have had so far. He is really funny and personable and makes the class interesting. But, you need to go to class to get the notes because he doesnt put them up on blackboard and most of the test is based off lecture. Easy A if you go.",awesome
71357,"helpful , made the class interesting",awesome
71357,"he is the best teacher I have had at UND so far. he loves his job and wants you to learn. there is never a bad lecture.",awesome
71357,"Good teacher but my only complaints are he doesnt use powerpoint slides or post notes on blackboard so you have to write down everything he says and he talks fast & rambles a lot.Make friends in the class because if you miss a day you will need to get the notes from them or else you won't do that well on the tests. Do the study guides as well.",awesome
71357,"By far the best professor at UND. He is so passionate about his students and his career.  Going to class was always a blast, and almost every seat was always filled.",awesome
71357,"lectures are very interesting and helpful in understanding textbook",awesome
71357,"Hilarious and very interesting! I love this class and White really knows his stuff. Every lecture is entertaining. Labs are pointless though",awesome
71357,"I had this guy for a professor some years ago and I remember him doing a fantastic job.  His lectures were smooth and fast moving as he demonstrated an outstanding grasp of the material.  Easily one of the top three professors I've encountered in my college time.",awesome
71357,"AWESOME LECTURER! totally hilarious and keeps your attention guaranteed.  His classes are kind of random facts thrown together but review sheets help extremely on tests.  TA's are either awesome or insanely stuck up.... so beware. Lab homework is tedious but very easy.",awesome
71357,"Far and away the best Prof at UND. Funny as hell, great teacher, and cares for his students. Sometimes his class is like watching a stand-up comic.  Take any class you can, you will not regret it.",awesome
71357,"Frank's lectures are very interesting and they are also very easy to understand.  He also makes learning easy  by connecting stories to his lectures.",awesome
71357,"AWESOME teacher.  Very dynamic and makes the class very interesting.  I would take another class I don't find interesting at all, as long as he teaches it because he's such a great teacher.",awesome
71357,"Such a funny class!  Cant get over the accent.  His stories are so damn funny and they help you relate real life with the course teachings.  Take anything with this teacher",awesome71357,"AWESOME teacher.  Very dynamic and makes the class very interesting.  I would take another class I don't find interesting at all, as long as he teaches it because he's such a great teacher.",awesome
71357,"Such a funny class!  Cant get over the accent.  His stories are so damn funny and they help you relate real life with the course teachings.  Take anything with this teacher",awesome
71357,"Frank is easily the best teacher I've had in my 3 years of college.  He really does seem to enjoy teaching and seems like a very genuinely caring guy.  Anyone looking to take this course, rest assured that you have an excellent professor in charge.  Again, one of the best teachers UND has.",awesome
71357,"Great teacher all around!",awesome
71357,"Awesome teacher. He's one of the few teachers whose lectures I can actually pay attention to. I'll go into the class dog tired but come out completely energized. Very funny, knowledgeable guy.",awesome
71357,"very good teacher loved the stories, i think he is one of the best on campus",awesome
71357,"Made the class very interesting. Loved his stories!",awesome
71357,"one of the best lecturers I have ever seen.",awesome
71357,"Shares applicable stories in class to relate to material. . .entertaining!!",awesome
277557,"Dr. Shively is the best professor I've ever had. He helped me to UNDERSTAND and LOVE the material rather than just memorize it. He is willing to work with you outside of class and he cares about your success. This course is the tough and requires a lot of effort. But if you are willing to work REALLY hard and put in the hours, an A is possible!",awesome
277557,"Shively taught me so much, I am so grateful I took his class. When students didn't understand, he explained the material another way. Memorize the textbook!!! He will try to help you succeed as long as you want it enough to keep trying. There is a lot of material, but I passed even though I had a concussion this semester. You can do it!",awesome
277557,"Dr. Shively is the best professor I've ever had. His class is almost impossibly hard, but he designs it that way on purpose. If you go to him for help, he won't just 'help you out' by giving you good grades, but he will do everything he can to help you really learn anatomy. He's also one of the kindest and most hilarious people I've ever met.",awesome
277557,"Dr. Shively is a character. That being said, he really wants his students to succeed. He is a kind-hearted person and really knows his material.  Be prepared to study a lot. His online videos are extremely helpful. Totally possible to earn an A but you will work hard.",awesome
277557,"Awesome class! Prepares you well for med school. Those who bag on this class obviously don't try hard enough to pass. Shively was a great professor, so funny and willing to help you out and clarify  concepts. Such a great class, lab was so fun!",awesome
277557,"Difficult class. It takes a lot of time and effort. One of the most rewarding classes I have ever taken. If you enjoy learning, you will love this class. If you want an easy 'A' don't take it.",awesome
277557,"In this class you have to ATTEND. STUDY. And STUDY some more. Yes it is very difficult, but very rewarding. Wonderful teacher, and is always willing to help.",awesome
277557,"Difficult class. Takes a lot of time and effort. (40+ hours a week) It has been one of the most rewarding classes ever taken. If you have any questions, all you need to do is ask. Also he is willing to meet with you if you contact him and set an appointment.",awesome
277557,"Great teacher! Dr. Shively is legit! He says exactly what he means and follows through. He tells you exactly what you need to do in order to succeed. DO IT! Read the book. DO THE OBJECTIVES! Read the clinicals. Yeah it's hard. So make sure you work hard! Don't under estimate this class but it will be the best class if you put in the work required.",awesome
277557,"Best teacher for subject of anatomy. Always willing to help and explain subject matter. If you do the required work you will succeed .",awesome
277557,"Doctor Shively is an amazing professor. The best I have had at UVU. Anatomy is a very hard class but Doc makes it clear what you need to know. Very clear and wants students to succeed and learn. His tests are difficult but ultimately really help you learn. Overall I really enjoyed this class although it was extremely hard.",awesome
77557,"Shively is awesome! Hands-down the best class I have ever taken. Super helpful and kind. Knows everything about the subject. Willing to help outside of class or answer any question without making you feel dumb. Work hard-get a good study partner. Study exactly what he tells you from the book. An A is totally possible!!",awesome
277557,"Dr. Shively is AWESOME!! Hands-down the best class I have ever taken. Requires A LOT to get an A, but it's worth it. Study exactly what he says-don't just memorize-understand it well enough to explain it to someone else. Get a good study partner and work like you've never worked and you'll get SO much out of it. One complaint-doesn't use Canvas!",awesome
277557,"People whine and moan about this class, but that's because you have to WORK HARD in this class, and people are not committed, or they are too lazy.  This class has been accused of many things, but understand this:  It is the most rewarding class you will ever take, and will prepare you for your medical career, hands down.",awesome
277557,"HArdest class you will ever take... That being said, also the most rewarding. Shively is the man! Great teacher, definetely teaches you to think things through. Combo of him and homan was best learning experience I have had at uvu. Dedicate EVERYTHING to this class, and an A is possible",awesome
277557,"The trio of professors; Shively, Holman, and Bracken, shaped my love for human science. I am now a biomed engineering student which requires a rigorous attention to detail. Bracken helped teach how to think. Shively underlined the importance of being meticulous.  Holman instilled passion and taught me that med school is not the answer to everything",awesome
277557,"Dr. Shively has taught for so long that his lectures seem to be memorized, so everything on the tests is mentioned in class. However, that does not mean they are easy at all. The average was in the 30s. You will learn a lot, and if you study you should do fine. In a way his class tests more on ability to answer trick questions than on knowledge.",awesome
277557,"Read the book extensively.  Obj's, Q's @ back of book, and ask things in class.  Well above avg on quizzes, C on final and got A.  Dr. Shively is demanding, but thorough and kind. DO xtra credit!",awesome
277557,"Dr. Shively is amazing! The class is hard, but you get a lot out of it. I am hoping for an amazing curve so I can pass. Best day ever when he plays the guitar. He is laid back, easily approachable, just pay attention in class and don't chat. Get to know him, he is amazing! The class is really hard, but it will prepare you for an awesome career.",awesome
awesome
277557,"It's been a few yrs since I took this class, but b/c of this man I aced my med school Anatomy class. All the rumors that this is the hardest class you'll ever take are completely true. But that being said, med school anatomy was a cake walk after going through this class! So if you really planning on going into medicine, this is the class to take.",awesome
277557,"Dr. Shively is an excellent teacher- the fact that he and prof. Homan wrote their own books shows their commitment to their profession.  He is extremely knowledgeable and does a great job at pushing his students to truly think of solutions that we may face in our future.  Overall, read the book, do the practice questions- and learn how he asks Q's.",awesome
277557,"VERY possible to do well in this class. Those who are complaining either don't know how to study or didn't put in enough time. The info is straightforward there's just a lot to learn. Doc will answer any question you have. Spent over an hour with me outside class answering questions. If your'e going into the medical field, take this class at UVU.",awesome
277557,"Many hate Dr. Shively but I really like him and the tests teach you to actually think. All tests from other teachers are a cinch after this. Work hard, don't fall behind or you'll never catch up. Expect to have no social life, live in the lab, read the text, always go to class, get into study groups! Read text before class and ask questions.",awesome
277557,"How well you do in this class is a big indicator of what kind of person you are.  If you procrastinate, don't have basic study discipline, and if you just go through the motions--you will hate this professor, because he actually expects you to do something called work.  Welcome to college.",awesome
277557,"At the end of this class you will have mastered critical thing as well as anatomy.  His tests and quizzes are the hardest I've taken, but you really know the stuff. IF you want to be good at your profession, take anatomy at UVU, if you just want to get a good grade then take it at slcc, and please don't be my doctor! In all, I do love anatomy now.",good
277557,"One of my favorite professors, his classes are tough, so no easy grade.  I think if you really try you will find he has a lot to offer as an instructor.",awesome
277557,"Shively is the funniest professor I've ever had. He's excellent at explaining all the concepts clearly. His quizzes and tests are insanely hard, but he grades on a curve so it's easy to get a good grade. My only complaint is that I had no idea what my grade was til after the course ended. But anyone who says stay away just didn't work hard enough.",awesome
277557,"this is an intense class, but you will learn your stuff. Treat this class like a full time job. Dr Shivley is brillent! he makes the best analogies, it really helped me in understanding certain processes. I highly highly recommend this professor!",awesome
277557,"Very intelligent guy and knows his stuff well! Be sure to keep up in the reading and his study guide that he gives out and ask a lot of questions. Also ALWAYS check the answers you got wrong on quizzes. Sometimes there were things on the quiz that I had never heard of so it is good to go back and clarify with him. He also grades on a curve.",awesome
277557,"Very intelligent guy and knows his stuff well! Be sure to keep up in the reading and his study guide that he gives out and ask a lot of questions. Also ALWAYS check the answers you got wrong on quizzes. Sometimes there were things on the quiz that I had never heard of so it is good to go back and clarify with him. He also grades on a curve.",awesome
277557,"Dr. Shivley is awesome. He is difficult but it will prepare you for any health related course you plan on taking. STUDY, READ, GO TO OPEN LAB and You'll do fine. Take anatomy from him. All the people who give poor ratings just didn't put in the time.",awesome
277557,"Difficult, yes, but he tells you where test questions will come from--the questions in his book.  Know the answers to those questions and you will be fine.  Best professor I've had (I went to UVU and graduated at UofU).  I am more proud of doing well in this class than any other--it was the hardest class I had.",awesome
277557,"I wanted an A and got one by having a study group, going to as many open labs as I could, reading the books, by not getting discouraged and staying motivated. Shively is always walking around school just waiting for students to bump into him and ask him a question. Hard class but worth it because you get a thorough tour of the human body!",awesome
277557,"Plus- Shively is extremely knowledgable. He understands what he is talking about.He offers to help you outside of class. He can be quite hilarious at times.Minus- the test are indredibly hard and on top of that, Shively is always making mistakes so they have to be rekeyed.Students would learn more if tests were not so hard. Bonus- grades on a curve",awesome
277557,"I cannot believe how much people complain and moan about this class!!.  Yes it is very hard and challenging but you are given everything you need to succeed.  Absolutely fantastic teacher!!!!",awesome
277557,"If you are looking to go into anything w/ the medical field you need to take Shivley's class! It is hard, but if you study hard you will do fine. He's a great teacher and very funny.",awesome
277557,"One of the top two professors of my college experience.  Dr. Shively cares about helping students learn.  He is one of the few teachers at UVU that pushes his students because he wants them to realize their potential.  He is extremely fair with his grading and anyone who says otherwise didn't put the time or effort into the class.",awesome
277557,"For all of those who say this class is unfair and too hard...you probably didn't put in the necessary amount time.  Doc Shively is an extremely good teacher and he is very clear about you need to know for his tests.  I recommend taking this class with a &quot;lighter load&quot; or during the summer because you do need to put in the time to be successful!!",awesome
277557,"Easy class.  Take good notes, study throughout the semester to avoid the big push at the end.  I studied maybe 1 hour a week, and 5 hours the week before the final and got an A even before the 20 point curve.",awesome
277557,"Dr. Shively makes this class simple. He is very specific about what will and won't be on the tests, and explains things very well.",awesome
277557,"He is just way too smart for his own good.I stuied my butt off and I still did terrible. You learn a lot but still do crappy on the tests. This class was way too hard for being an intro class.",