45881,"worst experience of my life. expects way too much for a 100 level course. take this class if you want to spend 15 hours on a three page paper and still get a C-. ridiculous grading policies."
45881,"I am currently in this class.  I took this, because I was told it was supposed to be easier than 120.  I regret staying in this class with Rand as my Professor.  He is nice and pretty smart, but his grading is ridiculous.  He is the hardest grader I have ever encountered.DONT take him, if you are taking this class as a general basically. LISTEN."
45881,"He expects a lot from his students, but does take the time to get to know everyone.  I'd suggest going to the writing lab before you ask him for help..and he tends to suggest that too, or else be prepared for a lot of red ink."
601915,"If you take a class with Stuart Farm, be ready to spend A LOT of time outside of class on homework, often times teaching yourself unfortunately. Also, there is a quiz in class pretty much every day, so go! The homework is challenging and time consuming, but the tests are much easier which is nice. He isn't the best at explaining material, but ok."

601915,"I took Math 92 and 93 in one semester, it was very fast paced. If you missed any class you would be behind for a while. All in all he was a good teacher, I think a lot of people didn't like moving at that pace and in turn disliked him."
601915,"Very Nice guy. very willing to help"
601915,"I would not recommend this professor if you' re not strong in math. You should expect to do homework almost every night. New homework assignment after each class. Doesn't give traditional exams but weekly quizzes for points. Text book assigned was of little help. Homework take hours to complete for only small portion of grade."
601915,"Stuart Farm is a fantastic guy that is very easy to get along with. Greets you with a smile every day and is excited to see you each and every day and tries to make the class fun. Defenitly introduce yourself to him. He is confusing in his explaining of concepts. He tends to over-explain where it gets confusing. He is a very respectable person."
601915,"Professor Farm is a nice guy and wants you to do well, but he is very confusing. Avoid him if possible. I took Math93 with him, and although it's very simple math, he makes if somehow difficult. I hadn't had math since my junior year of high school, so I had to take this. His explanations make things more difficult. Have to teach yourself. "
601915,"His class was not too bad, but he tries very hard to get the attention of his students by cracking corny jokes. I skipped class most of the time, and did not miss much. "
601915,"Like others have said, he seems like a great guy, and is very willing to help his students.  That said, he spends most of every lecture period answering questions from current or previous assignments and then only lectures on new material for 10 min.  So I basically have had to teach myself the material which makes it super tough and time consuming"
601915,"I only went to class the first day and the days of the tests and passed.  It is possible to not attend and pass if you just look in the book and practice a few problems before the tests. After all, attendance is not taken and you get no credits for taking math 102."
601915,"He is the absolute worst teacher that I have ever had.  The lectures are very confusing, but the homework is pretty easy.  The stuff on the homework is no where to be found on the tests and when you get the test it seems like its all totally new information.  He is very nice and willing to help, but it doesn't make up for how bad of a teacher he is"
601915,"He tries to crack jokes during class form time to time, some funny some others not so. His notes are a little random and not so in-depth, but he is very willing to work with you in and out side of class! Don't be afraid to ask questions!!! His tests can be easy if you study and they are not take home tests!"
601915,"I get an absolute kick out of this guy in class! He has such a weird sense of humor, but it is still funny as heck! But on another note, he isn't really that good of a teacher. Doesn't do examples in class that help with homework, and pretty much told us that we will not need our book at all, which sucks because of how much the book costs. =/"
601915,"I really like Stuart as a person, but not as a teacher. His lectures were a lot different than the homework and the notes weren't very useful. He is hard to follow, but he will make time outside of class if extra help is needed."
601915,"He is a really nice guy and is willing to answer any questions, but he is terrible at teaching lectures!! The reason why I always needed to ask for help is because he would never really show how to do the problems. He went way too fast, even though he says he'll slow it down until people understand. Very frustrating!!"
601915,"While he was very enthusiastic about Math, (which I appreciated), he was also very insistent that everyone understood everything quickly, without time to really practice what we had just learned. Disappointing when he knew over half of the class was going to fail, then didn't bother to help."
601915,"Wonderful teacher in office hours but terrible in class. I believe the chalk board learned more than anyone in the class."
601915,"HE TRYS HARD TO HELP AND TEACH US, BUT. HIS WAY OF EXPAINING THINGS IS,..... UNCLEAR AND HARD TO FOLLOW. I BELIVE THE ONLY WAY TO UNDERSTAND MR. FARM IS TO HAVE PREVIOUSLY TAKEN THIS CLASS WITH A DIFFRENT PROFESSOR"
601915,"Not a bad teacher, although I did not enjoy the lame jokes and teaching style. I never went to the class and passed, 102 being a pass fail class saved me. no need to attend class because he never gives pop quizes as long as you study hard on your own. I learned more through the book"
601915,"Mr. Farm keeps your interest with his funny gestures and wierd Math jokes. But, please, study real hard because if your class is in an auditorium of 100 people like mine was you will not learn as much."
277557,"Memorize the entire textbook. Even then the questions on the test are obscure. I would say not to take too many credits while taking this class. Usually the labs are supplements to the lecture but in the lab you also have to memorize the other textbook. Even if you take from an easier teacher all the anatomy courses are structured the same."
277557,"Like everyone else on here has said, Shively's class is HARD. He knows everything there is to know about Anatomy, and nearly expects you to also in a very short amount of time. You HAVE to go to class, and should study every day, use every resource available. The curve saved me in his class, thankfully. But seriously, be prepared to study HARD."
277557,"Dr. Shively is not a teacher--he's a lecturer. Don't go to class expecting him to teach you new material. He's expecting you to show up already knowing the material, and then you can talk about it during class. He's a great guy and super hilarious. Much more approachable than Don, although Don is a better 'teacher'. I re-toke this class from Don. "
277557,"Soooooo read the chapter, but like 100 times. His test questions are just worded weird... and it doesnt help when he writes the freaking tests in his cursive handwriting..... he doesnt test you on the obvious, but tests you on things you might skip or pass up. Read all small print under pictures. Understand how all terms and concepts work together."
277557,"Shively was a really good teacher, but his tests were brutal. He changed his style of tests constantly, which meant a surprise."
277557,"Shively is a nice guy but is not very organized or structured. You pretty much just show up to class to ask him questions. Just ready the book thoroughly and memorize the objectives. Very time consuming class and tests and final are difficult."
277557,"Shively is an awesome guy but gives tests from hell. They are extremely difficult if you don't plan on making anatomy your life then I would recommend taking this class somewhere else."
277557,"Shively knows anatomy. He's the best there is as far as that goes. But he wears terrible scores as a badge of honor. This means that his tests are very difficult and designed to be tricky. He wants his students to dedicate their lives to his class and you'll need to do just that in order to get an A. Toughest class I've ever had."
277557,"I knew going in that this would be hard but this was insane. Dr. Shively is a really nice guy, and he went out of his way to help me out. That said, he has an ego the size of the school and it seems like he is proud of the fact that his is the hardest class on campus. He makes it TOO hard. Beware nursing students, he doesn't care much for you."
277557,"DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS,If you plan on having a life outside of anatomy! If you want to do well, plan on committing to 12 hours a week for both lab and lecture. Shively and his minions delight in making students feel dumb, and sucking up all their time. Don't feed the beast; take this course somewhere else!"
277557,"Don't believe the hype. The monster grade curve will atone for all your mistakes as long as you give your best. There's NO reason to fail this class or take it twice. DOn't beleive it. Find a good study crew and work hard."
277557,"As an introductory course, particularly for a student not in pursuit of a medical career, this class was very distressing.  I read the reviews here before taking this class and had a 'can do it' attitude but in retrospect I am asking, 'Why did I do that to myself?'  The class average was around 40% on tests!  Stressful..."
277557,"Took this class and studied my butt off..of course to no avail. I am convinced that he finds pleasure in knowing people struggle and fail. I would not take another Anatomy course from UVU. I have come to hate Anatomy and after taking Homan's 2320, I changed my major."
277557,"Shively is a nice guy but as a teacher he is misguided. He seems to have something against the health field (specifically nurses). Anyways, his tests are unclear with sometimes more than one answer possible but you have to pick Shively's choice. I got an A in the class (precurve) but regret taking the course with Shively - take it somewhere else"
277557,"DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS FROM SHIVELY. His quizzes/midterm/final are ridiculous. He seems to get some kind of entertainment by seeing students squirm and struggle. Says certain things will be or won't be tested on and it was always he opposite. You have a better chance of doing well if you take Homan, or take it at BYU and live to tell the story!"
277557,"Shively is a brilliant man... unfortunately he likes to wave that brilliance in students faces with the types of questions he asks on tests. Honestly the worst test giver i have ever heard of. if you take this class be ready to work your butt off and not score well. lab is great lecture is ridiculous."
277557,"Take this class elsewhere if you must have A. Shively good, nice person, but tests unreasonable..asks &#63; not in text of lec book.  I studied 50 hrs a wk and would get 55 avg...was prior A student in classes like gen chem/science at UVU. If you must take at UVU, take from Homan.  He seems gruff, but not and tests actually from text of lecture book."
277557,"To start off with, many people have succeeded with A's and B's in this course, even first timers. For Lab, show up, quiz others, quiz yourself, point things out, utilize STAs. For Lecture, go through outline, read chapter, and quiz yourself. Shively will help you out, he will hold study sessions for questions. Write them down, think, and ask him."
277557,"Difficult teacher. Difficult subject. This class seemed better suited for Med school rather than UVU. The curves aren't bad. I got C's on the midterm and final and got an A- overall. You will study your butt off, and get used to late nights, but it's possible to pass."
277557,"This class is the hardest thing I have ever done. You will study the text till you can no longer read. But I don't regret it. If you put in the time to study for each quiz, you will learn the material. The tests are tricky because of the wording, so watch yourself and learn his tricks. Don't take this class somewhere else if you want to be medical."
277557,"This teacher requires A LOT of your attention. He is a great teacher and knows his stuff really well. I enjoyed the class but you will have to dedicate almost all of your time to this class!"
277557,"I took the Zool 1090 class on line, and quite frankly it was completely unorganized and unprofessional.  The downloads for the course rarely worked, so I would highly recommend just renting the dvd's.  The dvd's were informative and Dr. Shively is definitely an intelligent man, however it was impossible to contact him.  The course was horrible."
277557,"this class demands so much of your time! I did learn a ton about anatomy but the tests don't really have anything to do with that! I got above the class average every time but was still in the 40-60% range on all of them. If you attend class and study you will learn a ton but the tests and quizes are very overly difficult."
277557,"This class becomes your LIFE!! Plan on studying 24/7. I don't agree with his tests at all. I think he should test you more on what you study, not how well you can get into his mind. He is very tricky with his tests. Something is wrong when you fail a test and your happy cause you know its at least average. Something is wrong with that!"
277557,"If the same passion of the Prof was shared with his students, there would be better grades thus better ratings. A little overkill for an intro. I'm just bitter because I dont have 15-20hrs a week to study because of famil/work/school. I learned more practical stuff about Anatomy and Physiology in my Emt Basic and Intermediate classes."
277557,"If I were you, I would take a critical thinking class before taking this class.  Half of the time I wasn't sure what he was asking for.  When the class average is 40%(ish) or lower, then it is the there is something the teacher is not doing right. This class is insane.  Plan on studying for at least 20 hours a week for this class alone. Good luck!"
277557,"No one should ever complain about his anatomy class. Sure its hard but he gives you the tools to succeed its just a matter if you use them. If you plan on being in the medical field this class is a great eye opener to see what it is like. I highly reccommend his class. He is an amazing teacher and you will learn a ton."
277557,"It's funny reading all the ratings. He's very hard, there's no way around that. But it all depends on your work ethic and attitude. If you are committed to working hard and have a good attitude about him and anatomy, you'll do fine. It's graded on a curve which helps a lot."
277557,"I would have done better if Lab and Lecture for this class worked together and taught the same thing at the same time."
277557,"Class was very interesting and Shively keeps you entertained.  The class requires a LOT of effort though, but if you work hard it will pay off, there is a big curve at the end so the goal is to just stay above the average (which tends to be around 40-60%). Would not recommend taking this class with other classes that would require a lot of time..."
277557,"This class is ridiculous. Shively is a trickster, just cause you know the everything about the question, doesn't mean you'll get it right. If you want to memorize a 500 page text book then take this class. Also, plan on going to open lab EVERY night from 10pm-12. But yes, huge curve at the end."
277557,"Don't be fooled by the songs and jokes, this dude doesn't mess around when it comes time to take a test.  I studied my arse off and never got better than a 70% on a test. Took it again from Dr. Bayer and did MUCH better."
	277557,"HARD! tons of time spent studying for this class. he makes it entertaining and makes the material comprehensiable, but his test are CRAZY! just stick it out until the end NO MATTER what. at the end you will see a HUGE curve and as long as you put the time into it, your grade might not reflect it at the moment but at the end...its victory"
277557,"Let's be honest.  His tests are rediculously hard.  You would think after giving a 30 point curve on the 2nd test he would get a clue, but he didn't.  he makes it unbelievebly difficult and demanding on your time.  He is a great teacher and makes lecture really fun.  If your going to take him be prepared to eat, sleep, breathe anatomy."
277557,"This has honestly been my favorite class. Dr. Shively is a great professor! Just be prepared to study and work hard."
277557,"This was the hardest class I have ever taken.  I pride myself on being intelligent and have always gotten really good grades.  On that note.....I did HORRIBLY in Dr. Shivley's class.  He is a nice person but the class is rediculous for an intro class."
103621,"Whaley is a nice and funny guy but he isn't a very good teacher and his lectures are pointless .. you have to go though because clicker questions are worth a lot on your grade. The only way to pass is to study hard for the tests and read each chapter thoroughly because the tests are hard,  but they are all curved (including the final) which helped."
103621,"Wayne Whaley is an extremely nice person, but doesn't really know how to teach that well. HIs lectures aren't very clear, but he try's his best to help you. I don't really recommend this class if you aren't serious about learning. Clicker questions are a big part of his class. "
103621,"This class if fairly simple.  If you have any background in chemistry or previous biology classes it will be a breeze.  Tests come directly from lecture slideshows and the practice exams he offers on Canvas. Exams are very straight forward.  Mandatory recitations are worthless, but lectures are bearable.  "
103621,"The only reason I got an A in this class is because I took intro bio and a principles of chem courses prior to enrolling. If you don't already have a strong foundation of both bio and chem you will struggle in this class. He talks at about 1000 wpm on a bad day, and doesn't listen very well. But he is committed to making sure you learn."
103621,"Rough class Whaley doesn't know how to lecture you will have to learn almost 100% on your own. The MB helps a lot and recitation sessions help as well, but it's still hard. You have to go to the recitation sessions too it's not a choice so add another hour into your work time that you didn't plan for.  We had a sub yesterday and I actually learned."
103621,"His tests are very difficult, and it's hard to know what to study for them.  However, he is willing to help you if you go to his office.  If all you need to do is pass a class, take him (you'll still need to do a decent amount of work).  If you're looking to get a higher grade, you may want to take a different teacher."
103621,"Whaley is a nice guy but he is not good at teaching BIOL 1610. His lectures are confusing and boring. Youtube videos will be your best bet to understand what he is talking about. His tests are multiple choice & aren't super hard. He is using the clicker so people show up to class because honestly, you could pass this class without ever showing up."
103621,"A lot of students don't like him because he is a &quot;hard&quot; teacher.  It's the amount of material that he has to cover that is a the problem for most students, they just use him as a scapegoat. If the Student wants to succeed, Whaley helps the student do so, but it is ultimately up to the student to decide how well they want to perform in the class."
103621,"Professor Whaley is a Zoologist whose passionate about birds, and butterflies. So the only way he's managed teaching his 1610 micro biology class, is because he's memorized his 5 year old PowerPoint lessons. He doesn't like taking questions. He doesn't have a study guide. He writes his tests like riddles. Must self teach from book to pass class."
103621,"Professor Whaley is a sweet, sweet man.  I regret to inform you that he isn't the best teacher.  He speaks very quickly and doesn't answer questions very clearly.  I wish he was my grandpa rather than my BIO 1010 teacher."
103621,"The professors teaching capabilities were low and came off as extremely condescending; especially when questions were asked. He also tested way harder than the level that he taught and even quizzed at. One on one, his personality is great and you can tell he means well."
103621,"Pretty good teacher. He can be a little confusing at times, but he gives you his power points, which if you know, you know the test. He requires you to have a very conceptual understanding of the material. You won't do well if you are not willing to read and STUDY his power points. He gets you ready for the DAT and MCAT if you are pre health bound!"
103621,"How to do well in his class: read the slides, study the practice tests, do the end of chapter quiz's.  Honestly this was NOT that difficult of a class.  Just don't depend on whaley, go to the study center or make friends in the class"
103621,"Prof. Whaley is very scatterbrained sometimes.  I hardly attended class and got a good grade.  He tests straight from the book (and uses questions from his practice exams).  Whenever I have tried to talk to him he blew me off, demanding to know why I was in his office, and that if I needed something to hurry because he has a &quot;lot to do.&quot;"
103621,"Passionate about his job. Not a horrible teacher. not clear at times but helpful if you ask questions. tests are hard but he grades on a curve. he budges under pressure. you'll most likely get a better grade than expected, I did."
103621,"most tests had uncovered material, that wasnt found in book or in lextures. I studied hours for tests and was boarderlinning a C-, the Final wasn't as tough as all the tests, overall this class was hard, i learned alot although my final grade reflected a C+"
103621,"Not a terrible teacher. I thought he was ok. If you think his class was hard and you are a biology major than i would recomend changing majors cause his class was one of the easier classes I had.  He is a little scatter brained but he explains what you need to know"
103621,"His class was hard, i paid good money for a hard class i didn't want an easy A. His lessons were very confusing, it forced me to read the book ahead of him, and in doing so i learned the material very well. From my experience with other biology teachers, he is just as confusing as the rest. I WOULD RECOMEND THIS TEACHER TO PEOPLE WHO ACTUALLY CARE."
103621,"Prof. Whaley is an insanely hard teacher. I even heard one of the hardest in the west, and it's very easy to believe. It's a hard course, no doubt, he expects you to study about 2 hrs per hour of class time, and you'll need every minute of it! He's hard but good. Most students who do well in his class go on to do well in the MCATs'."
103621,"Unfortunately he is the only teacher for 2110! He is a terrible teacher. Nice guy, but doesn't know how to teach. Be sure to have at least some chemistry background because when he gets into that his students have to correct him a lot of the time!"
103621,"easy, but you have to read your book!"
1307460,"Took online. I hate his trick question quizzes and tests. I've gotten mostly 100% but I have to sit there for hours and analyze. He uses fancy vocab in his lectures with out defining his jargon words. He doesn't communicate at all with you through emails and such, not even if you use canvas. his links to learn more about concepts never work- EVER."
1307460,"His tests are really difficult. I would study hard for them, visit him to ask additional questions, and would still get C's on his tests. This was the same story from my other classmates. He is a decent guy and you will learn A LOT. But you may struggle keeping your head above water during the semester  Consider taking Professor Bayer- Choose life!"
1307460,"Seems like he wants you to learn bio, but does not want you to do well in the class. Lessons are general but tests are specific and cover things not discussed in class, they are loaded with trick questions. If you are a bio major looking for a challenge then he is great, but if you are just looking to get your 3cr GE bio credit then there is easier"
1307460,"I took this course online after earning a C+ years ago on the main campus. I ended up with a letter grade lower the second time around. The course online is doable if you will set aside time to study. It's easy to do the assignments but the tests are more difficult. If you aren't a good test taker this class isn't for you,the final exam is tough!"
1307460,"Professor Parker makes a lot of comparisons with everyday things, which can get a little confusing. I basically teach myself Biology and we have quizzes all the time about material we haven't even covered yet.  It's not a hard class, but it can be quite stressful and inconvenient."
1307460,"He's a good teacher and explains things well. He tries to be funny (usually isn't), but at least tries to make the class relatively interesting. However, I wouldn't recommend taking the class because he tests you on material he hasn't taught yet. His lessons are about 2 weeks behind the tests and quizzes so you're required to teach yourself. "
1307460,"I'm not going to lie, this is a hard class. You have to know A LOT! But Professor Parker is a good teacher. He's really funny and is extremely nice and helpful when you have a question. You won't need a textbook other than for the LearnSmart assignments he makes you do. All of his tests are based off of his PowerPoints and old exams, so take notes!"
1307460,"This class was not easy. If you follow the course objectives and use the old practice exams (extensively), you'll pull off a good grade. It was a lot to take in, especially for someone who isn't majoring in science whatsoever."
1307460,"He is a pretty cool teacher. He says that everything on the test or quizzes will be talked about in class which is untrue. He has a quiz every weekend that covers materials which are worded strngly and covers materials he has not talked about. He is a cool funny guy but his test is a little hard."
1307460,"I would recommend not getting the book, his tests are on the things he talks about in class.  He dumbs down his lectures so you feel like you have a grip on the material but he doesn't dumb down the tests.  He goes into way more detail than necessary. With teachers like him it's no surprise that Biol 1010 is the most failed course at UVU."
1307460,"I had his class. I enjoyed and learned much. We were supposed to study 2 hours for every hour in class. But when I actually did do that, it didn't help whatsoever. The paper wasn't too bad. I honestly don't know how the hell I got a C+ in his class. I still don't know what I got on the research paper or the final to this day. Oh well, the classisov"
1307460,"This is one hard class and Parker is not the easier professor to take it from. His tests come out of his lectures so I thought taking notes would be enough, but his tests are REALLY hard. I'm a straight-A student and will be hoping to pull a C out of this class."
1307460,"Extraordinarily, fantastically, impossibly, massively, excruciatingly painfully, nerve-wrackingly hard. He made all my other professors combined look like softies, and I was only in a 1010 class!"
1307460,"Man, I got rocked. He is a great professor and is willing to help you out but his t est are still way tough and they really challenge you. Throughout his lectures you can sit there and listen and engage in what he's saying but then you come out not knowing what he was talking about. He makes it a lot more complicated than it should be."
1307460,"Alright, I may have already taken 2 years of biology prior to this class and STILL don't understand it, but his tests are HARD! I got a 61% percent on his test and still got higher than most of the other students in the class. And I studied my BUTT off. But other than that, there aren't assignments and if you understand biology inside out, take it."
1141164,"I liked Weber. He's nice, funny, and teaches things in a very organized way. Would definitely recommend!"
1141164,"Professor Weber is a good guy and a fine teacher. I don't particularly love the subject but Weber made this class easier for me. I recommend you buy his note packet, it's helpful! I also recommend you visit during office hours if you need help."
1141164,"If you begin with a negative attitude in the class, either pertaining to the professor or the material, he will pick up on it. If you are negative, the class becomes ten times harder. If you work to be friendly and participate, Mr. Weber will become your best friend. I passed this class with flying colors and found it quite easy."
1141164,"A very hard class if you don't put the effort in. If you do try, it's not too bad. Weber offers a book with all the notes and in order to succeed I suggest you buy it! He goes through that thing the whole year and if you have it you will do a lot better. Overall average teacher, but you have to work hard to do well."
1141164,"Is a really nice guy you just have to understand him! Good humor. Course is incredibly difficult for a 1000 based course! If you need help seek office hours. If you attend class and put in work you will pass with a C. Don't expect much higher! Lectures are very boring. Exams tough (40 % of grade)! Homework easy (half is online)."
158088,"While he may know the subject matter well & is knowledgeable, he often interjects his own opinions and views about things. While I don't agree with his opinions and views on certain things, I ignore those statements and comments from him. Homework generally has multiple right answers, so read carefully."
158088,"His lectures are soooo long, and he gets off topic fast. He really like cars and motorcycles, so most of the examples will involve either. He gives out two papers that are worth most of your grade, then you have a mid- term and final. I didn't do the first paper, but did good on the mid-term and final and I still got a B, so he's not that hard."
158088,"his class was ok. his lectures were very long but everything he said would b on the quizzes and tests he gave. so u had to pay attention. he would try to be funny, it would work sometime but most of it were just eh. his voice is so monotone . im surprised i passed his class. his midterm and finals r based on books. ok if u dont finish. i didnt"
158088,"Took OL. Prof Ng was nice and available during office hours. Has a gazillion resources for his online classes. Grading criteria and grades were very clear. You get what you earn. Video lectures is recorded class lecture. Very fair IMO. There were 3 pop quizzes. OL  exactly like in class. Cheap books. Moodle fully set up from the start."
158088,"Professor Ng is an Expert in the subject, he is extremely passionated towards his profession, He tries his best to make the class laugh, and to understand it using various life examples. Now Honestly, I did extremely well in his class, because I Had an incredible Supplementary Instructor (Hadeer). If you do not have an SI do not take him. Honestly."
158088,"I believe you need to go to the lectures to have the slightest idea about Econ. The lectures do not help completely when it comes to the test; you have to also read and do some side research. The term papers are annoying, however, you do learn a lot from doing them. I would not take this professor if you are easily stressed. Try your best!"
158088,"Not an easy class but study hard for it, and sit next to someone smart!! There is a logical way to think about Econ and an Economic way that goes into ECON Deeper.  Do the hw, read the books for the term papers (helps alot), and try your best for the group quizzes for extra credit with a group of other people.  You will do fine if you putin 110%!"
158088,"He was a good professor. Kind of monotone, but interestong nonetheless. He has a very VERY generous grading curve, it helps A LOT! He is pretty easy going and give chances to recieve extra credits on future tests through pop quizes."
158088,"This class is a simple case of doing better than your peers. Everything is graded based on the whole class average. Do the homework it helps your grade. He makes you read 3 books!smh. 2 term papers on the books. His tests are so hard its ridiculous. Most of the time the average was around 30/100 and im not exaggerating.Take someone else if possible",poor
158088,"He encourages you not to tell your friends when a quiz is coming up, so as to increase the value of those additional points he applies to the test. He demonstrates an accurate depiction of just how bad the real world is really like...cheat your friends, be dishonest..and in the end win...profit...great grades.  I loved this class. Go with it!"
158088,"He encourages you not to tell your friends when a quiz is coming up, so as to increase the value of those additional points he applies to the test. He demonstrates an accurate depiction of just how bad the real world is really like...cheat your friends, be dishonest..and in the end win...profit....I got an A while 100 or so people got Ds and Fs."
158088,"This class is difficult to keep attention during the lectures. Although the professor can be funny at times and a bit ridiculous. His exams are scored my weighted mean but you'll find out the mean is VERY low. Not a good teacher, I got A's on exams and ended up with a B. Even with perfect attendance."
158088,"Interesting lectures, but extremely hard grader and course. I attended every single lesson, did all my homeworks and quizzes and took all 3 exams, I still get a C. Compare as much effort as I put into other classes, I feel I deserve a better grade... If your aim is to pass with a nice grade, I suggest not to take this class. Good luck."
158088,"It's a challenging course but impossible to fail..does random pop quizzes which count as extra credit so go to class and take your notes!Just READ, do all your homework and you'll do fine"
158088,"NOT AS BAD AS EVERYONE SAYS HE IS! The people here giving him low ratings are just dumb asses who won't graduate CSUN. Attendance is not mandatory, but he gives extra credit quiz's which will boost your test scores by a full grade! He curves huge! Final 55%=B. You must do the homework to pass this class because it brings your grade up."
158088,"Professor Ng makes me think less of CSUN as a whole. If the Econ department lets him keep teaching - how can they possibly be concerned with the quality of their students learning experience&#63; He was NOTHING LESS than OFFENSIVE with comments that degraded women and overweight people. I think he may seriously need help teaching, he just cant do it!"
158088,"one of the easiest class. got an A. he gives he extra credit on all the midterms by giving out quizzes. quizzes can raise your  score on the midterms as much as 15 percent. just do all his online hwk. read the chapters when he assigns them and review his slides before the tests and you should receive an A. plus his curves mean 70% on test is an A"
158088,"Class was fairly easy. attendance was not required but gives you about 2 extra credit quizzes randomly for each midterm and the final. so be at class and take those quizzes and it could raise your test grade by a letter. just read the chapters and study his slides and you'll do fine. he also curves. 72 percent earned an A on one midterm"
158088,"Grades at a major curve. Gives test points from quizzes so go to class all the time, free points.  Do all on-line work, open book, and easy points too. I got an A on line, a C on 1st test, F on 2nd test, and a C on final, and a C in the class. If you study, you can easily get a B, B+!"
158088,"make sure you do well on the HW it really helps your grade."
158088,"GOOD LUCK!  3 tests (including final), and a few extra credit quizzes (you'll need it).  Attendance does not matter, however if you miss quiz day you don't get any extra credit points.  He talks more about random things than he does the material.  Stay at average &quot;standard deviation&quot; and pray for a C.",poor
158088,"Dont miss the first day of class, he gives out HW on the first day and if you miss it you wont be able to make it up. Class is real easy to pass, the curve is pretty relaxed"
158088,"Don't miss any quizzes(count as extra credit)& download all ppt slides individually. Do complete all APLIA HW with other classmates. Practice any old quizzes including final, and ask Kenny lots of &#63;s. Lectures are confusing. With a consistent study group, a disciplined mindset, and an awsome curve, I earned a &quot;B&quot; and learned a lot in the process."
158088,"He is a good teacher. Dont have to go to class. Just read the book (the boldface) and the graphs carefully and you will definately get an A on HIS tests."
158088,"The class I took is part online so if you are going to take econ 160 and see only one day listed as class, then be warned, it is online.  The class itself is not all the bad, just stay up with the readings, watch the lectures and go to class as much as possible.  H e grades one a sick (good) curve."
158088,"he usually teaches big classes, but his test are HARD. he curves, which means if you are smart, and work hard, you'll be fine. if you are looking for a easy way out, i wouldn't recommend him"
158088,"hard tests but curve is fair ended up with A but a lot of work to get the A"
158088,"Stay focused and you will do fine.  Don't miss assignments or points will be deducted from your grade.  But the homework and quizzes help you.  Do them and you can't go wrong."
158088,"Talks about Koreans and their gambling habits, Vietnamese and their donut shops, and dont forget he talks about the Cambidians and their liquor stores and how they do online blackjack while watching directv. ALL OF THIS IS TRUE ABOUT NG."
319641,"He gets off topic a lot during lectures or he brings up topics that have no importance that makes the chapter more confusing. He can be funny but I understand how he can come off as rude. He gives a lot of assignments but let's you do them in class with groups. He lets you redo your exam to add onto your score which brings up your exam grade!"
319641,"if you anticipate this class being difficult for you then be prepared to learn material independently. otherwise, this may be an easy A for you depending on how well you do on his exams. drops lowest exam, doesn't assign much hw, no extra credit opportunities, teaching style is very relaxed,forgets to post ppt slides sometimes so take notes or read"
319641,"DONT use your cell phones. if you have a laptop with you don't look at it often. make sure to pay attention to him more because 1. you will pass. 2. he has spider senses when someone is doing something else. great professor highly recommend. "
319641,"You can tell that he's a great guy, and his sense of humor was geeky and I loved it with every lecture. With that said,  his lectures are long and usually quite disorganized. There's only 3 exams throughout the class though, so there's little room for error. Even so, he takes the best 2 grades into account, discarding the 3rd. Difficult exams."
319641," His tests are more based on his lectures than the book (which he told the class several times) its important to take notes on what he says. He can be stern if you piss him off, but he tries to lighten his lectures with jokes so i found it easy to follow. "
319641,"SO HARD. Yeah he tells you 1/2 questions on test, but so many people still failed. When reviewing test q's, he had trouble with knowing the answers. Maybe 15 EC pts., on about 2 exams (bc drops worst) at 100 pts. ea. @ 50 questions. Lectures goes off topic, emails ppt., but asks very specific questions. Very little textbook used. Strict on cell use"
319641,"he is somewhat funny, but he often gets off topic. the class consisted of 2 midterms and a final. he drops the lowest score and let us use notes on the day of the final because the class average was pretty low. Dont forget to do the 'sona' activities of you wont pass the class. Also, make sure to attend lecture and take thorough notes!"
319641,"I'm a pretty dedicated student so to say this guy was a challenge would be accurate. STUDY PAST TESTS. He reuses questions. I got an A by doing so, by reviewing what he taught and DO NOT MISS CLASS. Most of his material is taught in class by lectures. He gives power points out but he fills them in (the answers) during the class by mouth. Just GO."
319641,"I had professor Abara for PSY 301 during the Spring 2012 semester. I found him entertaining even though he was hard on attendance, but he was still great! He does come to class late- sometimes 30 minutes late which is a BIG problem! For PSY 301 he assigned 3 papers: your short-term goals, long-term goals, and field of interest."
319641,"Very knowledgeable & entertaining professor. The class does require effort, tests are difficult, but he's generous with test grading. Book was useful as a supplement to his lecture notes, therefore class attendance is crucial. Overall a great professor."
319641,"He is funny but not a very good teacher, the only reason to take him is for a credit/no credit class. Attendance is mandatory..No hw. Very easy class since it is credit/no credit, HATES when people use their cell phones so do not text in there!!!"
319641,"Show up every day and understand what he is saying and you can get an A. Very funny! :) This is a class you WILL HAVE to study for!"
319641,"It seems that Dr Abara has been burn out. search &quot;burnout in caring professionals&quot; to know what I say. He IS really a nice and compassionate person.But, His teaching is disaster! his tests are disaster!"
319641,"he compares his job to customer service, , BUT, the class is really self service!you need to kills your self to learn. talks about difficult concepts of pharmacology A lot of medication names that you cannot even remember.like you say to 10 years old child: we have short term memory and long term memory .tests very hard. great risk if you take him!"
319641,"Never never take his classes evenif the time matches your schedual! Go to evening classes, but Do NOT TAKE IT!"
319641,"bad teacher. was over oppiniated. always late to class. would not respond to emails or acknowledge them even being sent. rude to students. stay away!"
319641,"Dr. Abara was an excellent teacher. HE knows his stuff, but this is an upper level course so expect do study. Was one of my toughest classes in college but my most rewarding, because I put in a lot of effort into the class. If your willing to learn he'll help you with the material."
319641,"He is a very challenging teacher, but not as bad as everyone is making him out to be. He is very smart and is not like all the other teachers at csun who lecture out of the book and dont know what they are talking about.  If you want an easy A dont take him, if you want to earn your grade take him. It is a challenging class but you'll learn a lot."
319641,"He is very hard but you can do well because his tests are curving.I didn't like the presentations because only his favorite students got the chance to do it. Others just got free points and all of their effrots were for nothing. On the other hand, he understands your pressure with your late papers and is flexible if you have a reasonable excuse."
319641,"People complain all the time that this Professor is so hard. I think the most pivotal thing is to study on your own as well as in groups and make sure to read the book thoroughly. I got an A for both this class and lab. It's not that difficult"
319641,"nice sweet guy, 3 hard mid-term. But this is the best teacher for this class if you plan to move on to 402. study and you should pass the class. go to his office hours. he likes to help. he is very funny"
319641,"Seriously, this man is hard and wants you to be filled with stress for this class.  Don't take him!!!!!  Chose another 400 level prof, Trust me!!!!  The tests are extremely hard and he loves doing that to the students. Curve or not, it's not worth the stress!!!!!"
319641,"This professor needs to be fired. But he is a nice guy. But bad professor. Cant teach at all. He loves to talk about happy hour. everyday! He gets upset when we ask questions. He talks to fast. He is mad all the time and takes out on the class.  I drop one test out of 3 very very very hard test."
319641,"This is not an easy A class. If you are taking this class you have to study! Make sure to take good notes. If he see's that you are trying he will take it into consideration when grading. However, let him know that you are trying, he will work with you.  He is not bad person as others make him sound."
319641,"HE IS A FUNNY PROFESSOR.HE HAS 3 TESTS HE DROPS THE LOWEST TEST SCORE YOU HAVE TO DO GOOD ON THE FIRST TWO THAT WAY YOU DON'T HAVE TO TAKE THE FINAL.HE CURVES HIS TESTS THERE'S NO HW JUST HAVE TO READ.HIS T.A. HAS A STUDY SESSION THE FRIDAY BEFORE THE TEST AND HE GOES OVER EVERYTHING AND HE ANSWERS ALL OF YOUR QUESTIONS."
319641,"any professor that has to add 20 points to everyones score in order for them to pass his exams is either 1) not presenting his material in an intelligible way so that students understand him or 2) his tests are not reflective of what he &quot;has&quot; taught.  Either way, this does not reflect favorably on his abilities as a professor."
319641,"This is the most disorganized professor I have ever had....he grades your tests IN CLASS a week after taking the test! He should grade on his on time, not in class, we missed an entire lecture 3 times because of this!! He rambles, goes off on tangents and lets students side track him for toooo long..."
319641,"He's funny. Take good notes because most of the exam qustions are straight out of lecture.  Do NOT text in his class, it's rude and seriously pisses him off."
319641,"The only positive thing I can say about him is that he's funny. His 250 class feels like an upper graduate studies class. He lectures everyday on the board until the test. The test doesn't even correspond to his lectures!!! I studied so hard for the first test and got a low C. He curved like 21 points because he realized some questions were not rea"
319641,"professor abara is a very nice professor. He is very hard and his class is very challenging. I was going through alot of family problems and he could have failed me but he didnt and he was very supportive! he's not that confusing just read your notes and Pay attention in class!!!"
319641,"Ok professor. He loses his train of thought often. Can't keep up with his own syllabus. Gets side-tracked durning lecutre, then rushes as the end. Tries grade fair on the tests, he curves. Material is pretty difficult and his study guides suck. If you read the text thoroughly, you'll do fine."
319641,"very unorganized, but easy class...3 exams but drops the lowest score (and he always added extra points to your score)...one group project/presentation...no papers...study the chapters in your textbook and you'll do fine"
319641,"Was an okay class, sometimes boring but then sometimes interesting.  Gives 3 papers to write.  You have to takes good notes and write down everything he says because he wants to see it on the papers!  Have to go on a field trip to a monestary."
319641,"um..well, he's a nice guy, he DOES care for his students. He grades on a curve..which is GREAT! You just have to read! do not slack off or there can be consequences"
319641,"i dont know what everyone is talking about! Abara is a cool professor. He takes his weekends off to make study sessions for students. (& goes over every question that would be covered on the test)"
319641,"Good class, too bad I had to drop out of school last semester due to family death"
