45881,"Rand was a good guy, really... he was. But I felt he had an alter-ego when he left to go home and grade. His expectations and how he picked apart his students papers was simply not fair. Again, great guy but avoid this class with him!!!"
45881,"He has a major in philosophy which is why all the papers you have to write are based on philosophy. As long as your paper agrees with what he thinks you will get a good grade. Otherwise the class is boring and he talks for an hour about nonsense but it is mandatory to attend otherwise your grade will drop."
45881,"He graded a 100 level class like we were all English majors in a 300 or above level class. Never got higher than a C on a paper. I went to the writing center for every paper. Very unclear in instructions and hard to approach with questions. Don't take the class from him."
45881,"Bottom line Rand needs to retire before he ruins everyone's GPA's.  He thinks he knows so much about English and thinks it is his job to make essay assignments unneeded riddles.  He answers questions with questions and likes to talk trash about high school English teachers; hating on the high school teachers ironically makes it like high school. FR"
45881,"one of the worst professors at UND. Extremely hard grader and expects to much in a 100 level class. Thinks that everyone's papers should be masterpieces. No matter how long i spent on a paper i couldnt get higher than a C. Only reason i got a B in the class was because i never missed a class. "
45881,"This class is so pointless its ridiculous.  I'm in the class currently (only because its required.) The class has no relevance to anything in life.  Rand is a ****, the class is so boring. He could make the class so much better by writing papers that actually have meaning to  them instead of what some philosopher said.  Textbook reading is hard!!  "

45881,"Horrible professor. He does not believe in A's.  Thinks that other teachers grade too easily.  Answers your questions with other questions that do not help you.  Teaches you irrelevant material that you will never use again. Worst professor I have ever had."
45881,"Worst professor ever. He asked me personal questions that were uncomfortable, made me feel stupid when I asked questions, and overall discouraged me. Do not take english 125 from him."
45881,"I attend his Business and Technical Writing course. Rand humiliates people for not understanding assignments when they ask. Very egotistical, rude to those who need help, very difficult work, hard grader -even on those who are following directions. I highly recommend waiting to take this class from anyone else. Not worth losing points on your GPA."
45881,"He is terrible! If you have him drop him IMMEDIATELY! He is mean, and an extremely hard grader!!!!"
45881,"Awful. Horrible grading."
45881,"I wish I could give him a zero"
45881,"Steven rand just a joke!! and so incrediablely socially awkward! do not take this class unless you like to fail out of college! He gives you directions for a paper but grades on whatever is on his mind that day his grading makes no sense and no one has ever gotten an A in one of his classes yet.... if you dont believe me he will tell you this."
45881,"I struggled through his class. First- he's a lawyer, so he'll lead you on making you think one thing without actually promising anything.  Second- he'll give you about 20 different instructions on one paper and he'll grade it by how he's feeling. Stupid class, I worked so hard and managed a B but he told me that I had &quot;weak writing.&quot; Avoid him!"
45881,"I should have read these comments before I took this class. This was by far the worse teacher I have had! He makes you feel dumb and expects way to much for a 100 level class. Worked my butt off to get a B in the course! If you can, please switch to another teacher, you will be thankful you did!! He expects everyone is an English Major!"
45881,"I suggest never taking him...i read the comments on here but figured it wouldnt be so bad so stayed in...wrong move...trust me..get out of the class ASAP...his instructions were never clear and he made you write the paper then changed his assignment my advice for the writers group is to just write a bunch of crap because you'll rewrite it anyway"
45881,"No Comments"
45881,"horrible teacher, i had to transfer out of state i hated this guy so much"
45881,"He was a very unfair teacher... i suggest NOT taking him!"
45881,"IMPOSSILE!  If it is still possible to drop this class... DO IT!!  It is not possible to get above a C.  And to just get a C you have to work your butt off!"
45881,"what can i say about rand....those of you who hate him so much should be lucky that you didn't have to endure his class five days a week for six weeks for an hour and a half each day....YOU SHOULD FEEL SOMEWHAT LUCKY!"
45881,"This man is the devil trapped in human form. It is currently 2:42am the day before this final paper and I want to gouge my eyes out. If I could give some advice to future students I would recommend dropping at the soonest possible moment and save yourself some time before drop day or prepare to spend 8 hours writing papers to get a C-.I despise him"
45881,"Impossible to a get above a C- on anything!!! He treats you like you are an employee of a Rocket science nasa program or something......Nice guy but a lil out of touch with reality",poor
45881,"he sucks...and he wants you to fail at life...stay away.. far away..."
45881,"It is impossible to get a good grade.  If you get a B, congradulations, i think you're a first. he is an unfair grader.  I went to the writing center when he worked and had him look at my paper, made all the changes he told me to do and still go a C.  I spent way too much time on his papers.  If you have him, get out now!!!!!!"
45881,"this guy is hard as nails.  all he did was whup my ass when I asked for help"
45881,"He sucks"
45881,"He Hated me .... never taught us how to write"
45881,"No Comments",poor
45881,"No Comments"
601915,"Tests are hard because they never matched up with notes and lectures. On the final test, we had to get a 70% on it or we didn't pass the Everything that you think is gonna be on the test, is not. Expect homework 4 days a week. Would not recommend."
601915,"Mr. Farm is the best math teacher I have ever had. He is super funny and very passionate about what he does. There is a quiz almost every day in class, but it is not the end of the world if you miss one.",awesome
601915,"Take this class with a different prof"
601915,"Nice person but absolutely sucks at teaching math. This class is supposed to be for students who are below the average math scores but he makes it so difficult. I'm bad at math to start with and he doesn't help. Avoid him at all costs."
601915,"If you don't show your work or show that you double checked your answers he'll give you a zero, even if you got the question right.  Also you can't skip because he does in class practice that you turn in at the end of the class."
601915,"Gives easy examples in class when teaching, then when it comes to web assign homework its harder stuff that he never taught, only teaches the basic examples and expects you to take it from there on your own."
601915,"Open a new tab, go on Campus Connection and change to a different calc 147 class with a different teacher. RIGHT NOW.  Trust me and everyone else on here who has taken this class. Gave me multiple zero's on test problems for not doing the question 'his way' even thought the answer was correct. "
601915,"Terrible at teaching, absolutely no help when asking questions, and was rude to his own students."
601915,"Mr. Farm is in the top 3 of the worst teachers I have ever had. He assigns work that you did not cover on web assign (the worst way to do math homework). He is not very helpful, and is very odd. Avoid this professor at all costs, he will make an easy subject hard to comprehend."
601915,"Is a very nice teacher, but hard to understand his lectures. He expects you to know too much coming into the class, and goes far over the students head's while lecturing. WebAssign assignments are long and hard as he doesn't go over any of it in class. Lots of out of class homework. "
601915,"Stuart Farm wonders off subject more than he teaches and he tries to drag on and over explain things that we already know about. "
601915,"I think that the people going on here and posting good things about this class is Farm himself. As a senior I was just looking at what people are saying about the worst professor ever here at UND.  I had a horrible time in this class and I would never want anyone to have to take a class with him. He should never be allowed to teach here. "
601915,"AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID. (Applied Calc. 146) Farm is a nice guy overall, but is an absolutely terrible professor. His lectures are almost useless for the homework assignments,and his tests seem to be completely random things that are not covered well in class or the study guides. Plus, he grades very hard."
601915,"Horrible, he explains math and compares it to Star Wars. Tries to explain things too fast and he is just not understandable."
601915,"Very hard to understand.  Would NOT reccomend him unless you are good at teaching yourself.  I went to class everyday and still did not understand it because he does not teach good."
601915,"Along with everyone else, he's the worst teacher I have ever had. He pretty much just talks to himself the whole period and doesn't ask if anyone gets it. He sometimes talks to period marks on the board. The most awkward guy I know!"
601915,"tests in his class are impossible."
601915,"This guy is terrible he teaches the class harder than its supposed to be. Your better off paying the $600 bucks and taking it online. Do not take him at all. Trust me if you want to pass, he is not the guy. He just rambles on and doesn't stop to explain things. I highly advise you not to listen to the comments from nerds saying how good he is."
601915,"worst teacher ever. i took this class before. i know everything we go over. i teach about 10 other students in the class cause they don't know whats going on yet when the test come around. impossible. the average test grades for the class are 61%"
601915,"I would not wish this teacher on anyone!"
601915,"Worst teacher I have ever had! He cannot teach whatsoever and his grading is really unfair. If you are signed up for his class switch to someone else asap."
601915,"Worst teacher I have ever had my whole entire life!He cant teach at all.I went in for extra help,which was the most useless wasted hours of my life.His tests are rediculous-no partial credit given.You either get the 5 points or you get none. How can a question be worth 5 points, and if you get it wrong, you get none&#63;Where do the 5 points come from&#63;"
601915,"worst teacher ever he doesnt belong in eduaction"
601915,"Do not take from farm im telling you its not good take it from champion or simmers"
601915,"Completely sucks.  Avoid at all costs"
601915,"Avoid this guy at all costs. I have taken several math classes in college and have never gotten below a B. I had to drop this class becuase I had an average of 40%. Extremely hard tests. He said his tests are a measure of real life therefore he dosen't curve. So does this mean that the average person is failing in life like they are on his tests&#63;"
601915,"had him first sem. my freshman year and he was really hard.  His method of teaching is hard to understand and I dislike having the whole grade based on tests.",poor
601915,"No Comments"
601915,"Took this class last year.  Caught a mathematical error that he made that drastically changed the steps to take to solve the problem and the solution to the problem itself.  He fought me on it regardless of substantially proving he was wrong.  Next class period he taught it correctly how I had shown."
71357,"Very lousy teacher.  His stories rambled and were annoying.  He could have crammed what took him and hour to say into 30 seconds.  I stopped going after the first 3 weeks, and still pulled an A.  I guess he wasn't really needed.  They should get rid of him."
277557,"The amount of work and time spent needed to even pass, and probably for the second go around, is not equal to the 4 credits earned.  Take Anatomy somewhere else!  Many students take all other needed classes and then transfer to BYU or SLCC to take Anatomy to keep their good GPA to be accepted to the desired program."
277557,"This teacher is horrible. His lectures don't really help with what you need to know in order to get a good grade. His tests are made to make you fail. I went to class every time, studied my butt off, and talked to him about what I can do to get a better grade and still didn't succeed."
277557,"Definitely not the greatest teacher. Rude and was bad at teaching the subject, you'll learn more from the textbook than him."
277557,"UVU offers a mind-reading class, it should be a prerequisite for taking any class from Shively. He's an arrogant man who uses his classes to prove how smart he is, not as a way to educate students. The labs are awesome and the lab staff but Shively's direction of the class, lectures and attitude are beyond ridiculous."
277557,"He just has a memorized lecture and gives it the same every time. If you ask questions he is rude and you can't read his hand writing or the board in Pope science buliding . He acts if using a projector would kill him. If you can't see the board that is a problem!! also he doesn't do what he says he is going to do!! BAD!"
277557,"Doesn't care if students are successful, only wants to show everybody how smart he is. Class was a waste of time, and tests had trick questions so even if you know the material you have to know how he thinks to get correct answers. Bad experience, he is giving UVU a bad rep. This instructor is not teaching to help the students succeed, bad instruct"
277557,"Dr. Shively takes pleasure in having the most ridiculously difficult class on campus, this class should be worth 12 credit hours at least. I got an A, so I am not just a jaded student who got his GPA wrecked. His giant ego is second only to that of his minion TA's who love to scare current students to death. Switch Universities before taking this. "
277557," Shively and his minions (lab instructors and STA's) are more interested in furthering their ego than teaching.  Worst educators I've ever experienced.  This entire class was a complete waste of time and money.  Take from another University if you don't want to ruin your GPA or plan on getting into graduate school."
277557,"Michael Shively seems to know a great deal about the study of Anatomy. This being said, he is the worst professor I have ever encountered. He was frequently absent throughout the course. Additionally, he would often respond to student inquiries very rudely. The lectures are useless and the tests are unjustifiably difficult. "
277557,"Dr. Shively knows all about anatomy, but he's not a good teacher. His lectures consist of him making crude jokes, and making a point that he's smarter than the students. His tests consist of tricky questions, and he prides himself on low class averages. It's possible to get an A, you just have to dedicate your life to it and memorize the book."
277557,"HORRIBLE teacher! I took this class via TV, so I was able to watch and rewatch the lectures. I took notes, attended every lecture, etc. The tests had very few things from class on them. I felt that attending class was pointless, because he went over things that weren't even kind of on the test. I felt like he was just trying to weed people out."
277557,"NEVER EVER TAKE ANATOMY WITH Shively!! He plays guitar, but it doesn't apply to anatomy! In my opinion, he makes fun of the students and probably just wants money and business. The tests and the requirements that he pushed students to take are ridiculous!"
277557,"If you have the choice... GET HOMAN. shively is funny but his tests and quizzes are ridiculous"
277557,"This class is the hardest class that I have taken in college. It is available to those who are just trying to get their generals done but this class is so in depth that unless you are going into the medical field, DON'T DO IT! If you are just getting your Associates, take another class!!"
277557,"I took his online course and it was awful.  He offered us ZERO assistance and did not respond to one single email all semester.  I think it's unfair we can't review our exams to see what we missed and why.  He is harsh in his grading and likes to trick you on the quizzes and exams.  The high in our class was a 62% so he graded on a curve.",poor
277557,"The anatomy class was a complete joke, he puts these bogus statistics all over the classroom, A;s B;s C;s etc completely false, we actual corresponded with each other during summer check with each others grades completely bogus, They have been trying to get rid of him for a while, Homan is worse."
277557,"Dr. Shively is smart, and his class (and tests) are HARD but you probably already heard. He's a good teacher who knows his stuff, buckle down and learn how to study or wuss out and go somewhere else for this class. My favorite day was when he brought in his guitar.",good
277557,"I worked very hard in this class. It required a lot of work for being an Intro class but felt like a higher level class. His tests were very tricky. I didn't like how he would ramble on and you didn't know what to study. Find a different professor!"
277557,"Dr. Shively is the author of 3 of the books you have to purchase.  so you go to class he gets paid to teach you then he chooses which text you have to buy, and of course he wants to put more money in his pocket!!!"
277557,"Do not take this class unless you plan to become a doctor!  He pushes you way harder than it is worth for a lower level class.  In fact I think the professors think it is an upper level class.  You can take anatomy online from another college and trust me it is much easier! Also you have to put in way to much time for a 4 credit class!!!"
277557,"I have never written a bad review about a professor before, but Shively is honestly one of the worst professors I have ever had.  He is extremely arrogant, extremely disorganized, doesn't follow his own schedule, it takes forever for you to get your tests back, in all honesty, avoid him if you can, you don't even learn anything with him."
277557,"Shively was one of the worst teachers I've ever had.  He's extremely arrogant, and believes he is god's gift to anatomy.  He is not there to teach, he's there to prove to you how smart he is.  Luckily, I ended up with an A because I stayed ahead of the curves, but that was no thanks to him."
277557,"Though his knowledge and expertise are unquestionable, Shively is a worthless teacher. Common sense is not his strong point and i would never recommend his class to anyone."
277557,"hardest class I have ever taken! You will hate this class! Don't take it!"
277557,"Very hard class, no matter how much effort you put in you still get a bad grade."
277557,"I consider myself to be a great student, but this class was too much. I had to put in 35-40 hours a week of study and class time for a 4 credit hour class. I had to use his book that he wrote that was not edited and had no color. One day in class he said &quot;I can not beleive how stupid this class is&quot;. Horrible teacher that is only there for himself."
277557,"REALLY FREAKIN HARD"
277557,"its a crazy workload (tons of busy work) with limited lab hours, some of which are a 10pm to midnight window. Many of the questions, especially on lab tests, arent clear cut in refference to the desired answer and more often than not pleading your case is futile. No one cares where you took the class so unless you are a glutant for punishment take ",poor
277557,"smiles when someone fails his class."
277557,"No Comments"
277557,"I hated this teacher, he was freaking horrible!  He didn't even teach what you needed to know, and never clarified anything.  Absolutely terrible, never take him!!!"
103621,"Horrible teacher. Smart guy. Very confusing when he lectures. He jumps around and is very scatter brained. I went in for help on multiple occasions and he told me to not worry about it 'it won't be on the test'. But then those concepts were on the test and I did poorly. I ended this class with a C- which is the lowest grade I've ever received."
103621,"My advice to any student looking to take Biology would be, find any other teacher in the school to take this class from. Whaley is a very smart man. However, he is not a good teacher. You will have to read & teach yourself. His tests are difficult and have strange wording. He is also very disrespectful when he tries to answer a students question."
103621,"My major is biology because I love it! But after the first day of class I realized what I was in for... lots of late nights of stuDYING and tear covered papers. I've failed almost every test and I've studied like crazy. He likes to play the 'guess what I'm thinking' game, but he thinks really oddly. He requires so much outside of class."
103621,"Hardly learned anything from the teacher. The most you will learn is from the kid sitting next to you and the internet. When asked questions he either gets frustrated or repeats himself exactly how he worded it the first time. Tests are really hard and there is a lot of homework. I'm a good student and I felt I was drowning."
103621,"I'd rather be replace my visine with onion juice than sit through another lecture with Mr. Whaley. If being pubicly insulted is your thing Simply ask a question during class! You will be quizzed everyday. You will read everyday. You will be required to do work with his TA outside of class which is the only time you'll learn something."
103621,"I am not very good at Biology, but this teacher made it that much more difficult for me to understand. He knows all about biology but he can't teach it worth a darn. He is constantly yelling at students for asking questions. He requires you to meet with his T.A's every week and they hate him too. They were my only saving grace to pass this class."
103621,"Not a good teacher. The course is fine if you're driven to learn on your own, but he probably won't be much help."
103621,"Dont take classes from Whaley! He is incredibly rude to students and doesn't understand their questions. He can't talk clearly, and doesn't even understand his own power points. Worst teacher I've ever had."
103621,"Expects you to teach yourself the material. Gets irritated when you don't understand. He is a horrible teacher, doesn't understand questions. Gets things mixed up while teaching. Very confusing. He's a nice guy but a bad teacher."
103621,"I feel like his lectures are worthless. Don't be fooled, this isn't an easy A. You never really know what's going to be on the test unless you have a good TA to help with the recitation session. You really don't know what you need to study but it's based on total points so do all the homework and get 100% on that. "
103621,"Couldn't stand the class. He constantly lectures about pointless issues that have nothing to do with the class and treats not being as intelligent as him as a crime. You must buy the overpriced book and expensive clicker if you want to pass. Turned biology into my most dreaded class even though I love bio. Doesn't answer questions either   "
103621,"unclear and disorganized his TA told me that 1/2 of the class will fail as if to brag about how hard he makes the class compared to other teachers."
103621,"This guy is literally the worst professor I have had. He babbles incoherently about the subjects at hand and his powerpoints aren't helpful. You have to read the chapters word for word or you won't pass, and on top of the normal required lab he has required labs of his own that are counted in your grade. He is unbearably bad at teaching."
103621,"DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS!!! I had to drop this class becuase it was way too hard and Whaley doesn't teach well at all. He has powerpoints that have the information for the tests on them but then they end up not having the information needed. He expects you to not memorize the information but to learn it and apply it on the test. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS!"
103621,"This guy is a terrible professor. He is constantly contradicting what he says. When students have questions, he can't answer them clearly and just says the same exact thing he said that made them confused in the first place. Don't get me wrong, he's undoubtedly a great person, he is just terrible at teaching."
103621,"The only reason he is a teacher is because it's a job in biology.  Puts his own bio interests in the lectures that have nothing to do with the test. Very long and difficult quizzes are due before class every period. Lectures are useless and confusing. He just fills in for the bio department. Expects you to learn all from your reading. Find another"
103621,"Worst Biology Teacher at the University.  Such a hard class, filled with useless information. Others in lab with different teachers knew so much more than Whaley's students.  His powepoints were so long and useless.  Puts his own interests into the lesson rather than what we need to know for the test.  He doesnt even like to bio.  He just fills in"
103621,"Dr. Whaley is the worst. I am an A student and I had to drop the class.  Daily powerpoints are 80+ slide long.  Test and homeworks are so hard.  He does not care to know who you are and hates anawsering questions.  Find another teacher at all costs.  He threw in so much useless information. He even told us he does not like this biology, but zoology"
103621,"I went to class everyday, took notes, did my homework and reading. I went to every review session possible and I did horrible. I have never failed a class before and I have good grades. He was not helpful. He talks fast and expects you to learn a lot from your own reading. He doesn't give you time to process the info and some of it is irrelevant."
103621,"Love this Man. He really enjoys teaching upper division courses. I took him for 1610 and worked my butt off for a B. I barley put in 1 hr a week in ZOO and am getting an A. Definitely take Animal Behavior from him. Fun class and laid back grading.",good
103621,"You knew you were signing up for a class taught by an ornithologist, how interesting did you think it would be&#63; Extremely painful to sit through class as he reads verbatim off the slides. Teach yourself, be discipline in reading and mastering biology you'll be fine. If you thought this class was hard take Ochem, your defintion of hard will change."
103621,"If you like reading the book and getting no help from the professor then Whaley is the teacher for you.  He has been rated for the past 7 years and still has horrible ratings."
103621,"This most worthless class ever. You can tell that Dr. Whaley hates teaching it. He stutters around questions and is generally unhelpful. His class is pretty easy as long as you read the book and go over his practice tests. He gives one in-class quiz at the beginning of the semester but after that don't even bother going to class."
103621,"Before I took a class from Professor Whaley, I loved Biology. This man's style of teaching, or the lack thereof, is completely ridiculous. His lame excuses and patronizing &quot;disscusions&quot; get old very fast. Don't take Bio from Whaley, whatever you do. He is understanding sometimes, but most times, he'll just tell you to &quot;change your major.&quot;"
103621,"Do not take this class from Whaley! He was no help in letting the class know what would be on the tests, I got better grades when I didn't show up for class on the tests then when I went all the time.  The final was awful and he made no effort to tell us anything that would be on it or tell us what we should study."
103621,"wasnt helpful, kind of rude and if you dont attend the class make sure you take every test and get a good grade.In class he doesnt talk about whats on the test.beware!"
103621,"I really love biology, but Whaley ruined it for me. His tests are ridiculously stupid, he tries to be sneaky, but it just comes across as confusing. I HATED his teaching style, he goes through dozens of powerpoints in a class just reading off of them. It almost seems like he has no idea what he is talking about. I had a very negative experience"
103621,"His tests are so hard.  I studied like crazy and I still failed this class.  I didn't really go to class because I didn't understand anything that he was teaching because he goes through it so fast.  He just says read it and then you'll understand it.  I wouldn't recommend him."

103621,"He has got to be one of the worst teachers ever. The first day in class he says that if you want to do well on his tests that you have to study the text and the CD that comes with it. I took that to mean, &quot;I'm a terrible teacher and won't teach you a thing so your on your own.&quot; I was right."
103621,"Professor Whaley delights greatly in the dimise of his students. The test on genetics was so unbelievable difficult and excruciating i considered sending hate mail to Dr. Whaley. Its almost that he wants us to learn to fail, rather than learn biology to become med students. Very dissatisfied with his teaching ability."
103621,"Dr. Whaley cares more about covering the material than helping his studets to understand and learn. He does not answer student questions in a clear way, instead just restating what he said the first time(which caused the confusion in the first place) It almost seems that he wants his students to fail rather than succeed.  He is a horrible professor"
103621,"This teacher sucks big time. He's probably the worst teacher i've ever had. Like everyone else said, it would be easier for you to read the book and do it on your own. He's very easy though."
103621,"Worst teacher at UVSC. I have had some bad ones, but he truly does not care about helping his students. I saw too many poor kids get torn a new one for asking something in class. Steer clear of this one if you want to get what you pay for with your tuition."
103621,"Dr. Whaley has only one thin on his mind...Swallowtail Butterfies.  He's the world's foremost authority on the subject.  But he has very little time or patience for first year Biology students.  He has no interest in making sure you understand the material (very disorganized) and heaven help you if you ask a question in his class.  Caveat emptor!!!"
103621,"I studied for countless hours and I still came out with a horrible grade. I went to class everytime and used every study method I could think of. If your not a genius don't expect to get a good grade in this class."
103621,"ever seen the movie Waynes World&#63; skatter brained and half the time he doesnt know what he is talking about. the text book he uses sucks. take this class from another school. i wish bybee thaught this class. the lab is a joke! it reminds me of high school science projects."
103621,"unorganized, apathetic, and basically didn't seem to enjoy or understand how to teach the class at all. The school should only employ him to do research because he is not qualified to teach"
103621,"Not very good. I would not recommend taking him."
103621,"Avoid this guy, he's a fool. All these people who say &quot;you just have to read the book and you'll be fine&quot; are right, but thats always the case in every class. Find a different teacher who can actually teach you something."
103621,"You must have missed class buddy. None of his lecture had anything to do with the test nor did we ever go over the tests. You are right about the tests being from the book but not as clearly as one would think.  Take this class elsewhere before coming"
1307460,"I would never take this class-especially online. I have never seen someone who would never communicate with his students. I tried to contact him few times  and I gave up. I don't mind about lots of homework or whatever but he is one of the worst professors I have ever met in my entire life."
1307460,"Be prepared to spend half a semester stroking the ego of Charles Darwin only to have no questions about him on the final. This class was horribly structured and after studying all online materials I could find for a bio 1010 final I walked out of the test blindsided by the 3000 level questions. Not to mention he never responds to emails."
1307460,"If you're unlucky enough to get this course, GET THE OPTIONAL TEXTBOOK. The teaching model is poor, with ridiculously long reading assignments, and 3 question quizzes over the material (quizzes are 25% of final grade). The textbook helps to condense & explain the material. Some quiz material is not covered in the online videos. The textbook helps."
1307460,"There is no book, just random websites he assigns you to read from. Instead of basing the tests on the information from the websites, the tests are based off of Biology textbooks that we don't use. Because of that, the tests are VERY hard to study for.  Also, the final was really hard (no study guide). The class average was 51/110."
1307460,"I have nothing good to say about Professor Parker. As others have said, he didn't have anything to do with the course. To expound on that, none of his exams matched the course material he used (but did not create), and the final exam was mostly chemistry questions, which matched neither his stolen course material or his mid-terms exams."
1307460,"Absolutely ridiculous class. Uses material and lectures from a different professor, tests are arbitrary and impossible to study for, the final was super heavy on one section of material, and, again, impossible to study for. Yes, I passed. Yes, I got a decent grade. But this class was way too much of a headache. Do not take from this professor!"
1307460,"The material is copy pasted from a three year old course that he didn't even create and then tests us on material NOT from the online lectures (think BIOL 3000+ material). Written assignments are graded by a TA so he doesn't even do his own grading for ANY of the work. Why should I bother to put in effort into class when  my teacher doesn't?"
1307460,"He isn't even teaching a class he put together. Its a 3 year old course from another Prof. He doesn't seem to understand the online system. Incredible amounts of reading assigned in a very short period of time. Tests cover the most minute details. This is not biology 1010. This is a 3000 level class. Do not take unless you literally have no choice."
1307460,"I don't know where he gets the materials for everything, but quizzes, tests, and exams all seemed to have different information. I would get 100% on the quizzes and tests, and then get into the exam and walk out with a 50% feeling like it was all new information. He basically just reads off the slide shows he has prepared. It was a confusing class."
1307460,"The workload in this class is ridiculous. You could easily spend 2 to 4 hours per day just trying to keep up with this class. The quizzes are very difficult, the exams are even worse. If you retake the quizzes the second set of questions is always harder than the first. I would not recommend anyone taking this class from him. I should have looked."
1307460,"This was my chance to retake biology (I passed several years ago with a C) I thought this would be an easy shot since I am in my third year and know my stuff. Not so!! The material was way harder than necessary and I didn't learn a thing. Doesn't let you go back to check answers on quiz and everything is on websites and 2 hr long videos on Darwin."
1307460,"Not book based teaching.  All things expected to learn are from websites.  "

1307460,"The quizzes and tests are NOT based on lectures or reading... The only helpful information I found for this class was Quizlet... study for the exams using Quizlet and you will score will... if you actually do the work expect to be befuddled on the exams..."
307460,"His tests are awful!  He writes his own tests but he shouldn't. so bad! trick questions galore! "
1307460,"The class is in a lecture hall so it's not super exciting. He did a good job being engaging though. It was a good review if you already know something about biology. ",good
1307460,"DO NOT TAKE. Parker is a hard teacher. He doesn't work well with the students. Tests are tough. "
1307460,"AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!!!!  He treats you like you are a lesser being and expects you to pass a timed 30 minute quiz that he is weeks away from covering the material and the quiz content is hardly on his slides and the chapter readings are about 100 pages each with fine print.  So good luck trying to find the answers on your own. "

1307460,"Professor Parker is terrible. I was seriously confused the whole semester and when you ask questions he makes you feel really stupid. I would not recommend Professor Parker to ANYONE.  Tests are really hard and when you ask what chapters in the text book that are being covered he says all of them. "

1307460,"I didn't realize until now that I ended up getting a B+ in the class & I have NO idea how that happened because I only passed one test the entire semester. He walks and sweats and rambles the entire class. He reminds me of Kevin from the office: boring. He just lectures and only has exams so you need to study EVERYTHING in class. Do not reccommend."

1307460,"Worst teacher ever! I have now taken this class twice and have passed both times, but not with a very good grade. Your grade is weighted by exams and quizzes, which are nearly impossible to understand. A friend of mine taking biology at BYU looked at one of my quizzes and said that it was harder than the test she had recently taken that day."
1307460,"By far the worst teacher I have ever came across. Went to him several times and ask for help because I was struggling and he simply told me to 'Do better.' Test you on things you haven't covered yet, ramble on about nothing, no homework to help your grade, and no matter how hard you study the material, it's always different on the test. Horrible."
1307460,"Doesn't respond to e-mails, rambles about nothing useful during class, doesn't follow chapter outline of textbook, grade is based solely on exams and a few quizzes - no homework to cushion grade or help with understanding of concepts. Nothing but a cause of stress. This class is the reason I no longer have a scholarship. I even had a tutor."

1307460,"horrible class. no class interaction just lectures the entire time. he goes on tangents all of the time but still expects you to know everything. his study guides aren't at all like his tests and he has a lot of work for you to do. He treats you all like you know everything already. it's nearly impossible to pass his class."
1307460,"DON'T TAKE IT. Tests are tricky. There's no hw to cushion your grade. He takes your top 10 best quiz grades to replace a test grade, but even that doesn't help.  I had another Biology professor tutor me and she said the material he taught should be in advanced bio classes and he didn't make sense of his questions. Avoid him."


1307460,"He is very vague, and then his tests are super hard. I have taken biology twice, including a college prep biology class in high school and still have no idea what is going on during the tests. Questions are worded weird and when he is asked questions about stuff in class he tells stupid stories instead of answering it coherently. AVOID THIS CLASS!"
1307460,"Horrible teacher, do not take him if at all possible. Choose another professor other than Parker. He makes his class and quizes easy and then when you think that you are catching on and you know your stuff, his tests come along and wipe you out and ruin any chance of a good grade. Horrible, Horrible, Horrible!!!!"

1307460,"If at all possible wait until there's a better teacher you can take Cell Bio from. Doesn't test you on huge sections that he covers then asks for overly specific things on stuff he talked almost nothing about in class. Don't take from him, have have been warned."

1307460,"Wait so what you talked about for 20 minutes wont be on the test but the 5 second mention of an additional protein will be a third of the test questions&#63;"
1307460,"This professor is awful. DO NOT TAKE HIM! Unclear on everthing. tests you on material never discussed in the class. REAL BAD TEACHER"
v
1307460,"At any cost do not take this teacher. you will learn nothing but yet somehow its really hard to get a good grade."
1307460,"Horrible teacher. He was unclear about what the tests were on and the tests were awful. Extremely hard class, DO NOT TAKE IT!! I usually get A's and i got a D. Do not take this class."
1307460,"worst teacher ever. i went to almost every class and copied the power point notes word for word. i read the chapters and made note cards for every test. i would study for hours and failed most of them. none of the material learned in class is on the tests. it was horrible. i normally get all a's but got a c in this class."

1307460,"Frustration is the theme of this class. Lectures are barely useful. The test questions were in fact written by Hitler. Condescending looks and answers to your questions are typical. I managed an A, no thanks to him, I just neglected friends and family for 3 months to study. Boycott this &quot;teacher&quot; he contributes to Americas poor education. HORRIBLE."
1307460,"Horrible teacher. Lectures were often irrelevant to tests and quizzes. Your text is your only hope for a good grade. Tests are very specific lectures are very, very vague. I went to talk to him on two occasions over a concept I was struggling with and was met with rudeness and disrespect."
1307460,"This was the worst teacher ever! I went to class everyday, wrote notes word for word then re-wrote my notes, read the chapters, then studied the study objectives and still only got a C+. He sucks. Words can't even describe how terrible he is. Do not take this class."
1307460,"just get out of the class while you still can. i'm a straight a student and i barely passed the class. i studied at least eight hours a week and still did terrible in the class. just dont waste your time or money for this class. STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS GUY!!!!!!!"
1307460,"Definitely not an intro to biology class. Tests are WAY hard and that is the basis of your whole grade. There is one research paper, which he grades harshly. He never returns emails. Could quite possibly the worst professor at UVU. He definitely ruined any interest I had in any science field."
1307460,"Parker is the most worthless teacher I have ever had. I have emailed him several times and never get anything back. He had surgery this semester and we had a sub for over a month who was WAY better then him. He takes forever to explain one concept and has analogies he uses that make him sound like a retard and they make it was harder to understand."
1307460,"AVOID AT ALL MEASURES. Seriously, I saw his reviews and still thought that i could handle his class, but i couldnt. He is so unclear about everything he teaches, and when you do understand a subject, it isnt on the test. The tests are so hard, and i think my class averaged a 62% on one test. If you are looking for a good grade, then abort the missi"
1307460,"He as a person is a nice guy, but teaching is not his high point... which is interesting because he should be a good teacher since that's his profession...."

1307460,"He is a nice guy, but that's about the only good thing I have to say about him. All you have to study with for the tests are his lectures, which have nothing to do with the tests. His tests are impossibly hard. To top it off all that your grade is made of is three tests and the final. You are MUCH MUCH MUCH better off with any other teacher."

1307460,"Dr. Parker is very nice,very intelligent. However, he teaches as if he was at an Ivy League University and as if we were all biology majors at an Ivy League University. What is discussed in class has almost no relevance to what is on the tests. Unless you are a science nerd avoid his class. He needs to work on his teaching skills."
1307460,"I am a straight A student and I pulled a D in his class. I tried to study for the life of me for his tests but did not help at all. His tests are very hard and his lectures in class do not pertain to any importance to the information on the tests. almost no homework a very confusing man.  verty nice and very intelligent but doesnt know how to teach"
1307460,"Parker is a nice guy all around. However, his teaching skills are terrible! He just stands up there and lectures to you like you already know what the heck he is talking about. Looking back on the semester I should have missed all his classes, read the book, and I would have received the same grade. He puts useful powerpoints on his blackboard."
1307460,"This professor is extremely useless to the idea of teaching your students what a joke. please find someone else dont get this joke you will regret every moment. wheres the fired button."
1307460,"Parker was RIDICULOUS.  He lectured with out powerpoint the first 3/4 of the course.  His analogies are so ridiculous that everyone ended up more confused! In addition, His tests were ridiculously hard and confusing.  If you have to take BIO 1010, let him be your LAST RESORT for a professor!"
1307460,"No required text, all lecture based, classes are usually 100+ students so questions aren't very effective. Not much homework at all, however grade depends on 3 or so quizzes, 4 tests and a research paper. Tests are HARD!"

1141164,"Didn't teach. Makes fun of you when you come in for help."

1141164,"Bill is not a nice person to meet with in office hours. I realized after 5 visits that I was wasting my time. Get a tutor, get through the class and don't look back. He's also the department head for college algebra, so I'd advise taking any retake at LCCC Albany because I retook Webers class once after failing and failed the second time. "
1141164,"The material Weber puts on his test are entirely far off from what is covered in class and on assignments. He frequently made mistakes when demonstrating problems on the chalk board that, on a test, would lose a student all credit points."
1141164,"It would seem that Bill's idea of teaching is to dumb the lectures down as much as possible so that the students think they're understanding the material, but then to give them horrendously hard tests in order to create artificial bell curves.  Very state-school.  Hopefully deans  et al. can see through such tactics which constitute poor teaching."
1141164,"this oddball really took his liberties with the exposition of the material in class-- none of which lined up with what he expected from us on the tests and homework.  the 'textbook' was equally worthless to this end so I among many other students were just lost most of the time and were powerless to do anything about it...*sigh*."
158088,"This online course is horrible. He communicates through Twitter (what? Like you are Donald Trump?), never reply emails or discussion board. The homework and quiz are nightmares, a lot of mistakes and he never correct them. Google his name and you'll understand that he doesn't have time to teach! He is busy doing other business call sex tourism..."
158088,"He Aight"
158088,"My friend and I (straight-A students) got 14% on the final. Luckily, with Ng's generous (though questionable) curve, we received A's. Advice? 'Select All' on homework, and rekindle your relationship with God, because you're going to be praying to him a lot during the semester."
158088,"Whatever you do, don't take this class! I did not listen to the comments and regret it. Choose a different professor."
158088,"Just google his name. It's mind blowing that this guy is even allowed to teach given his unethical outside of work activities. He wants to see his students struggle and makes the exams overly confusing for what appears to be his own enjoyment of watching people struggle. Avoid and take an Econ class where the teacher actually wants to teach. AVOID!"
158088,"Insane amount of homework, no help when you're online, for the love of God never take this class. it will save you months of stress and anguish. Please stop supporting this fool"
158088,"Somehow I got a B. Pro tip if you are taking his class online. Every time there is a question that allows you to give multiple answers choose every single one. It won't dock you for getting one part of the question wrong and you'll receive full credit on the problem."
158088,"This guy's lectures are almost about anything but not Econ!!! Very boring lectures!!! The grading is very hard to understand."
158088,"He has way too many text books, his syllabus is and lecture notes are online is disorganized. It looks too overwhelming, I got lost.  He has an online textbook with a different title than what he has on the syllabus. It's nice he enjoys teaching, but it's more like talking about things that aren't related to economics at first part of semester. :("
158088,"So I literally learned nothing in this course, but somehow passed with a B. I honestly just did all the online homework, and when it come to the midterm and final, I just filled in all the blanks(I learned nothing in this class so I wrote what sounded logical). Beat the curve and you'll pass the class."
158088,"WORST THING TO EVER HAPPEN! Also used to run a blog to assist people in picking up prostitutes in in Asia (underage ones too) Grades on a curve but this person shouldn't be allowed near a campus!"158088,"DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS"
158088,"Just don't do it. Promise?"158088,"Tip before taking this class: Order your coffin first day of class because at the end of the semester, you'll be in it."
158088,"This is a warning for new students who want to take this class. His class is like freeway that every one entre and exit but your grade will be D or F. 70 students out of 110 failed and others got C and D. This professor final exam is bring 6 page papers and you have to analysis the paper then answer questions. Don't take if you don't want to be bad"
158088,"I drove to this class without my seatbelt on every Monday and Wednesday"
158088,"Very boring. goes off topic often and is a horrible professor"
158088,"He is very bad professor at CSU because he does not explain anything , and then he is demanding. His online HW I unrelated to his notes and text book. He has a online textbook that you have to pay for it at first of the semester, and this is a business for him. Also, his online textbook is very hard and nobody read it . "
158088,"His lectures are about anything except Econ. Also, his absurd PowerPoint presentation is based on business, women sex, luxury car and then gives ridicule pop quiz at class that nobody knows about it. A funny things is that pop quiz point is 10 and whole class get 1 or 2. Don't take him."
158088,"This professor is by far the worst I have ever had! And I have had pretty horrible professors. His lectures are awful, he goes off topic often, and it seems as if his lectures having nothing to do with the exams. Avoid this professor if possible!"
158088,"he is useless. if you MUST take it, just know you are NOT going to learn a THING, but you can DEFINITELY pass if you enroll in the lab so the TA can help you and review the tests and quizzes. He curves from the beginning so you know where you stand. i was freaking out from the start but i got a B."
158088,"Do. not. take."
158088,"This is a very hard course and this teacher makes it even harder to pass. His lectures are long and he always goes off on a tangent and talks about irrelevant things. He grades the essay and tests by just putting your score on top of the paper; he does not tell you why you received that score, it makes you wonder how or if he even really grades it."
158088,"If you do not go to class, you have a 99.99% chance that you will not pass! His lectures are long and boring. He often times goes off topic. He gives irrelevant essay assignments that have nothing to do what he is trying to teach us. The way he structures his test are confusing. Try and stay away from this professor. "
158088,"The only reason I recomend this class is because of the curve. When doing online and there are questions where it asks for multiple answers in one questions MARK EVERY SINGLE BOX! you will get full credit for that question! You will learn absolutely nothing in this class. Just beat the curve and you will do fine. I got an A and didn't read anything"

158088,"Waste of my tuition!! Worst teacher ever in my 15 yrs in school, pointless term paperS Doesn't explain anything, he thinks people already know Econ so he doesnt lecture on it Talks about irrelevant things Hate him , don't waste your time with this useless person "

1307460,"Parker is a good guy just a crappy teacher, impossible to get a hold of. If you try to talk to him in person he just says email him, when you email him he never replies back. His tests are extremely difficult! Only nice thing is you have no homework. You do have to write a 3-5 page essay one time in the semester. He's definitely a terrible teacher!"
1307460,"DONT TAKE THIS CLASS PERIOD! WORST TEACHER AT UVU!!!"