45881,"I thought his class was extremely hard but despite it all, I became a confident writer. People on here say 'you can only get a c on a paper' WRONG. I got an A and a B. You just have to be in it to win it. If you want to get an A, get a different teacher. If you want learn, Go for Rand. He made Eng. 110 worth something."
45881,"Steven Rand is a nice person and really interesting to hear him speak. I am always inspired after a lecture. However, never expect to get anything higher than a C. You can think your paper is perfect but, he will tear it apart in seconds. Take a different professor if you don't want to put 9 hours of work into a paper you get an 'average' grade on."
45881,"Hard class "
45881,"He will only give your paper a C. It does not matter if it is good or not. Work extremely hard if you plan on passing."
45881,"For as much of a waste as UNIV 101 is, he did an ok job at keeping things interesting.  Avoid UNIV 101 altogether if you can."
45881,"His expectations are high for a required 100-level class, especially since most who take it aren't English majors. To his credit, he's smart and gives good feedback. I wouldn't recommend him to a freshman."
64144,"Lectures with powerpoint, pretty funny and engaging. Has relatable examples and class attendance is worth it. The Powerpoints only supplement his lecture, which he does on his own and you can tell he really knows the material. Occasionally not very clear on some points, but main points are strongly enforced."
64144,"probably one of the funniest profs. loves his opinions, some are offensive, but i find that funny. if you go in for help with the paper he gets real excited, he loves talking about who knows what. missed lots of classes. took little notes. study old midterms. he basically tells you what questions will be asked but changes the words to trip you up."
64144,"If you've taken BCOR finance and ethics this course is a breeze. Graves talks about discounting cash flows a bunch, and a lot of his arguments are fairly easy to understand. I feel like I learned a lot. He teaches simplified models that help explain why pollution occurs and why it's so hard to measure and control. Great elective for business kids."
64144,"Best economic teacher at CU hands down."
64144,"&quot;The organization of the political system is similar to the organization of a septic tank, the largest chunks float to the top&quot;. P. Graves, 2008.  Funny dude & strong defender of his sometimes spurious/pointless arguments.  Best class to nap through. Worse part of class were the defiant self-entitled environmentalists. If in doubt, choose E"
64144,"Go to class for the first few sections (like Supply and Demand stuff) but the rest can be learned in recitation. Also, if you don't get the topic, GO ASK HIM!! even if he's not so helpful in class, it will be 100% more clear if you go to his office hours!"
64144,"Graves sure loves to talk about random things.  That said, if you come to class and read the textbook you will do well in that class.  The TAs aren't much help, but thats not his fault.  Much easier than other econ professors for this course!"
64144,"Graves is harder the other econ profs I've had, but go to class and pay attention and you'll get an A. I never went to recitation and managed that. He just makes you think in a different way."
good
142825,"Great professor, wonderful sense of humor, someone who knows what they are talking about, applies the learning to real life."
142825,"Patti's Deviance in US Society class is a HUGE undertaking. Lots of reading. Going to class and doing the reading will not get you an A in the class. Overall a bit too much for an intro class."
142825,"Lots of reading, but not too difficult class if you keep up with the work. Plus, Patti's entertaining as hell."
142825,"The first test is going to scare the crap out of people but you really got stick with it because it gets easier! And the first test always has a huge curve! Her lectures are entertaining and MANDATORY. You will fail the test if you do not go to lecture. Bring laptop to take notes in class. Way too hard to get everything if you hand write"
142825,"Patti is great! She tends to get off topic a little bit but she knows what she's talking about and gets the point across really well. Her tests are pretty hard but as long as you put all of the notes from lectures and recitation on your notecard you'll do well. GO TO CLASS!!!"
142825,"Lectures were exciting and Pati was very knowledgeable, but the tests were way harder than they needed to be. It's a 1000 level course, get over yourself."
142825,"Lectures are awesome. Honestly the most gruesome tests on campus. Each test the fastest kid leaves after 2 1/2 hours and the last kid after 4 hours. FOR A MIDTERM!! Hard class because the tests are really hard even though you do get a 5x8 notecard"
142825,"Best class, never wanted to miss it. If your interested at all in deviant behavior and a fun learning experience, she is it!"
142825,"everyone on this thing is out of their mind. Patti had a good class and it wasn't that hard as long as you showed up to recitation and lecture. Take this class if you want an easy b or a"
good
90863,"Tons of extra credit but exams are super hard and hard to get A's"
90863,"For a terrible class like statistics, she does a pretty good job at making it comprehensible and at times almost slightly interesting. If you really try, you will get a good grade. I ended up with an 82.7, but Martichuski rounded up to a B, which shows that she wants you to succeed. I also had her for gen psych, and she was AMAZING."
90863,"She was a good professor, but she had some stupid quirks.  For example, she would persistently stop class to tell people to put their electronics away (including electronics) which was very disruptive."
90863,"I didn't put in much effort for this class and still got an A-. Didn't read. Make sure to get all the extra credit, attend lecture and recitation because she does take attendance through clickers every day. If you think a test question is unfair she will likely agree and give you points. Easy to do well and she will help you if you seek her help."
90863,"Loved her!"
90863,"I LOVED this class! She explained the material well and made the lectures very pleasurable. If you attend every class and recitation, pay attention, and get the 20 extra credit points that are available, you are bound to do well. Great class and I highly recommend her!"
90863,"Mind numbing lectures.  Tends to go off on long personal rants.  Power point slides are outdated and boring.  You really need to be alert in this class to learn.  Exam questions often hinge on minute detail discussed in lecture.  Take PSYC 1001 from Brett King if possible."
90863,"If you don't know what mean, median and mode are when you start this class you should probably go back to middle school. This is the easiest class I have ever taken. I don't OWN or read the book. I go to class and do the homework on time (note: she gives you the answers to all of the homework problems before they are due - they are free points)."
90863,"Stats and Research methods was definately something i had to work at but it wasn't as bad as i thought.  You HAVE to go to class and turn in homework.  Lab starts halfway through semester, and you have to go as well.  The first lab class will go over your head, but once you get it its basically all building off of itself.  I got an A-"
90863,"Her class was a lot of fun. She always had great stories to use as examples."
90863,"She presents material in an easy, straight-forward manner.  She makes me laugh amost every class."
90863,"good overall professor, take advantage of extra credit"
90863,"This class is easy...everything on the tests is on the outlines she gives you to take notes from lecture on."
90863,"Statistics is awful, but Martichuski makes it much more manageable, especially if you are not fond of math! She is so helpful and VERY ORGANIZED!! If you go to lecture and recitation you will be fine!"
90863,"For a large class, she taught effectively with great study (or lecture) guides.  She also provided many supplemental examples of topics (video clips, speaker panels, easy to understand models, etc.)"
142825,"Patti is a phenomenal sociologist, but her classes aren't for the lazy. Deviancy in US Society was a hard class, especially exams, but if you read the book and take notes in lecture, it's passable. The TA's and ATA's are a valuable resource. Patti isn't that helpful, but that's what the TA's are for. Doing well in recitation helps a lot on exams."
142825,"If you are dedicated to working hard in this class, you will do well.  Not for lazy people looking for an easy A."
142825,"Patti is so awesome! Her class is truly interesting and she is quite a character herself. This is a tough course especially for students used to being tested by multiple choice exams.  She uses a short response and essay format for her exams which requires students to truly understand the material in order to succeed. An A is totally possible!"
142825,"Great professor, wonderful sense of humor, someone who knows what they are talking about, applies the learning to real life."
1052652,"Professor Jones is a very good professor. He is famous in the world or chemistry but he doesn't let that feed his ego. His pace is a little quick but keeping up with the book definitely helps."
1052652,"Many people hate Jones, but its because they don't study. You HAVE to read his textbook and you HAVE to go to class. Memorize every problem in the back of each chapter. Jones is an awesome professor and a really cool guy... you just have to stop expecting to know stuff without actually studying it."
1052652,"One of the few great professors at NYU. I enjoy his style of teaching much more than Fishman and if you read before class...you basically will know exactly what he is talking about. Students that complain basically don't open the book. Definately not impossible to get an A and a B is a piece of cake. MJ is a legend! Enjoy him while u can."
1052652,"Hella of a good teacher, explains stuff.. but he needs to talk louder and write BIGGER! I love his outfit! (he has one lol) Good book, basically just read it and u'll be ready for lecture. Fishman's gone baby! lol His cis(ters) name is Hilary Lincoln Jones.. By the time ur done with orgo, u'll be living , breathing, and speaking orgo.. Good Luck"
90863,"I thought her class was difficult, but overall I understood everything and did just fine."
90863,"Really good solid professor. Usually reachable via email and if not her TA is quick to respond then she will follow up. I took her online class which was really clearly explained through her lecture slides.  The online textbook was helpful supplemental material. She has tests that make you think, but she prepares you with good study guides & practi"
90863,"Great at providing an interesting and relevant overview of psych. Entertaining lectures, never felt lost or bored."
90863,"Martichuski is very funny. She kind of talks about potentially offensive things often, but she never insults anyone. Classes are super easy and she even provides study guides for your notes. She gives so much extra credit you'd have to try to fail. Clickers are the majority of your grade, so make sure you go. Over all, loved this class."
90863,"There's no homework whatsoever. Tests are all multiple choice. Really easy class, especially if you took AP psych in highschool. Martichuski is hilarious and knowledgeable. "
90863,"Martichuski isn't for the faint of heart. Her lectures are concise, though she can get off topic when she tells funny stories or anecdotes. She can be a tough grader, but her criteria is clear from day one. Reading the book is important for a good grade, but not necessary to pass. Lectures are a must. Her sense of humor isn't for everyone. "
90863,"Definitely go to class. Reading the textbook isn't absolutely essential, I got by without doing much reading, but I did all the homework.. If you need help, I recommend asking the TA's in lab or office hours. I like her videos at the beginning of class and her lectures are decent. Study for the tests. "
90863,"I loved her class but don't expect to do well. You HAVE to do all the work and read EVERYTHING she tells you to. Her tests are extremely specific and rely heavily on the book. Go and see her at office hours though. I got a D on the first test and then went to talk to her and she dropped the grade cause I got B's on the last three tests."
90863,"Diane is incredible smart and knows statistics. However, She sometimes goes too fast so don't expect to just go to class and get it. YOU have to work to get the grade you want- READ THE BOOK. However, if you go to Diane's office and talk to her shes super helpful and is reasonable at adjusting test grades! Just go talk to her!!!!!"
90863,"I really like Dr. Martichuski, but I feel like I have not learned anything new. My high school psychology class covered more information than she did."
90863,"Tons of extra credit but exams are super hard and hard to get A's"
90863,"For a terrible class like statistics, she does a pretty good job at making it comprehensible and at times almost slightly interesting. If you really try, you will get a good grade. I ended up with an 82.7, but Martichuski rounded up to a B, which shows that she wants you to succeed. I also had her for gen psych, and she was AMAZING."
90863,"She was a good professor, but she had some stupid quirks.  For example, she would persistently stop class to tell people to put their electronics away (including electronics) which was very disruptive."
90863,"I didn't put in much effort for this class and still got an A-. Didn't read. Make sure to get all the extra credit, attend lecture and recitation because she does take attendance through clickers every day. If you think a test question is unfair she will likely agree and give you points. Easy to do well and she will help you if you seek her help."
90863,"Going to class is very beneficial as she often puts questions on the test that you would only know from attending lecture. Her tests consist of 80% lecture and 20% book, but I've never opened the book and have gotten high grades on the test. It's pretty easy and not time consuming at all if you go to class."
90863,"Loved her!"
90863,"I LOVED this class! She explained the material well and made the lectures very pleasurable. If you attend every class and recitation, pay attention, and get the 20 extra credit points that are available, you are bound to do well. Great class and I highly recommend her!"
405301,"Although I am not a Economics major, I enjoyed this class a lot. Harry was very clear at his explanations and would not mind to repeat unclear concepts. Honestly, I dislike his arrogant attitude. CLASS STRUCTURE: Final grade is NOT curved, so you better work hard for an A. This class is based on 3 exams for which each question is worth 1 point."
405301,"Explains concepts clearly - but goes really slow. Useful for students who aren't used to economics concepts but unbearably boring to sit in lectures where he panders to students like we're kids. Grading system is ridiculous - one point  one percent. Some questions on tests are vaguely framed, meant to trick you, and other answers often have merit."
405301,"There were only three assignments for this class - three tests that add up to 100 points. These are incredibly easy if you read the book and attend (at least some) lectures. Professor is a cool dude and makes the lectures entertaining. Really good for an intro level course."
405301,"Pretty decent class. Grading set-up is simple: every point you get wrong on the tests is a point off your average. Tests are heavily based on the textbook so if you read them closely you'll be okay, even if you miss class. The professor is entertaining and makes concepts clear and memorable. Accent was sometimes distracting, not unbearable though."
405301,"Grade is derived from  a total of 100 questions over 3 exams. Solid A is less than 6 wrong. Getting an A- is VERY easy, but getting an A is very tough. You must read the book (there are a couple fact based questions each test that are only found in book). The questions are designed to trick you, pay attention to wording. Great professor, engaging."
405301,"He's a funny guy and a good professor, but his grading system is killer. You can only get 6 questions wrong throughout the semester to get an A (which I was one away from getting...)"
405301,"great lectures, he is a really funny guy and explains everything really well. The tests are hard, even if you study the questions are worded in a confusing manner, but overall I recommend him!"
405301,"His tests are hard, but they're fair.  If you read the textbook carefully and pay attention in lecture, you'll be able to do well on the exams.  Getting an A is nearly unheard of, but an A- is definitely attainable is you work hard.  People who say his tests are too hard just didn't try hard enough.  I came out with an A-.  It's doable."
405301,"I think Kitsikopoulos gets a bad reputation but I like him. His lectures are clear (even though he has an accent), interesting and at times funny. The main problem is his grading policy. Three tests and that's it. If you do poorly on one one the tests, an A is almost impossible. I still recommend him as a professor if you can wake up at 8 am"
405301,"If you are GPA conscious, avoid taking this class. Your entire grade is based on 7 essays graded on a scale of 1 to 10 and it is IMPOSSIBLE to get an A. His grading of essays is more of an english class. Essay questions are very vague and you need to take notes on everything he says. Record lectures if possible and write everything down."
405301,"You can do well even without going to his classes. I only went to the first 2 lectures and then just went on exam days. Very convenient grading system (start out w/ 100 pts and then lose points by # of Q's you get wrong on exams and HW) I just read the book and studied alone and got an A. Take this class if you want an easy A!"
405301,"Great lecturer. He explains things well & talks about relevant current events. My only complain would be his grading system. He makes you do online problem sets but does not &quot;give you&quot; any points for doing them, just lowers your grade if you get too many wrong. Tests are easy, but not very representative of the material gone over during class"
405301,"I love this guy! He presents the material in a logical manner and makes it interesting and relevant to the world outside. He's funny, doesn't take himself too seriously, and tries to engage with the students, even when there are hundreds of students in the class!"
405301,"friggin, hated, this class. i was an econ major, and after taking this class, i lost all my interest in it. im changing my major, because of this guy. probably the most ridiculous/inefficient grading system EVER INVENTED. studied my ass off for all the tests, ended up with a friggin B. pompous, condescending, unfriendly man. AVOID HIM",average
405301,"His tests are really easy. People complain because they don't come to class, and subsequently get screwed on a test. Really, all you need to do is spend a good weekend to study for the 3 tests. There's no homework in between."
405301,"Very funny and entertaining prof. Teaches straight out of the textbook. Lectures are pretty clear although his accent is a little hard to understand sometimes. Grade bases on three test and occasional hw assignmensts. Tests arent bad, final is a little hard though. Overall I really liked him as a prof definitely recommend him."
405301,"very funny guy, and the tests are straightforward and easy. read the textbook and dont show up late. theres only three tests and each one is at least 25% of your grade."
405301,"He's amusing in class. The grading scale is difficult, but not impossible. His test questions (which constitute 100%  of the final grade) generally aim to trick the students, so double- and triple-checking answers is necessary. Reading the book is recommended, but his explanations give a good overview of the concepts. He does Q&A after class."
405301,"Great teacher, great class, and extremely funny however the grading scheme is a little tough (but not compared to some other teachers in the same section)."
405301,"Great guy. Study up for tests and dont screw up homeworks and you will be just fine. Grading system is a little different but really doesn't make that much of a difference. Interesting lectures and pretty funny"
405301,"Good professor. Will launch RPG at you if you walk in late..IM not even joking. But good interactive professor and keeps everything interesting. decent grading. very large class so just do slightly better and curve will bring you up."
405301,"this class is fun, although i'm sleeping half the time. if you read the book then you'd be fine. everythings is clear. he digresses into funny stories very often. good class!"
405301,"His liberal bias can get annoying at times, but his teaching style is very interesting. He'll definetley keep you awake."
405301,"Engages the attention of the class, very informative and well organized. Tri-cycle test schedule: first one is easy, second is very hard, third is ok. Well-worth taking Econ I with him."
405301,"He's hilarious.  If you show up to class and read the chapters you should be fine.  Do the textbooks multiple choice tests online because he gets his test questions from the publisher.  Recitations were NOT helpful...don't go to them if you keep up with the readings and class."
405301,"Great teacher, but a little hard to understand. If you can keep on top of your work and the reading, you'll be great, but you're whole grade is just three tests. And make sure you go to class when he tells you to since there's 2 lectures that ARE NOT in the book and are not covered by the TA's!"
405301,"nice teacher, hard to understand. dont be late"
1052652,"One of the toughest professors at NYU.  He REALLY emphasizes applying concepts - understand the material and do every practice exam you can find, memorizing won't cut it.  He's intimidating, but also an invaluable resource and an exceptional teacher.  Orgo hurt my GPA, but I really do have a greater understanding of chemistry thanks to him."
1052652,"I'm not going to lie - Organic Chemistry I was very difficult. However, Dr. Jones is a great lecturer and knows his stuff! I HIGHLY suggest not skipping lecture - things can get confusing fast. Make sure to go to Tom's reviews and do practice problems. The grading scheme is pretty rigid - so don't bet on a high grade because of a low average."
1052652,"Jones is brilliant + made orgo 2 my favorite subject by far. Do all of Tom's homeworks, review sheets, group problems, practice exams, go to review sessions, and do yourself a favor and go to lecture (even if it's 8 am). If you're coming from another orgo 1 prof, you're gonna have to work twice as hard. If you still fail, then don't blame Jones."
1052652,"Jones is a genius. He can explain things really clearly and you learn a lot in his lectures. That being said, his tests are extremely difficult. First semester I had Karr and did about 1/10 of the amount of work compared to second semester with Jones... first semester I passed, second semester I failed. You have to do a lot of work to do decently."
1052652,"As an average student,  I took orgo as a game and just wanted to beat Jones. Do every possible practice exam question you can find (notorious for putting old questions on exams) and be sure to do the group problems even if you aren't in majors. Go to the ARC! Hardest class I have taken (made me cry often) but that made the A so much more rewarding."
1052652,"It's organic chemistry, what do you expect. It's is hard no matter what, but Maitland and his textbook are there to make your life easier by presenting the information in a clear manner with plenty of examples and practice problems to help you work through the course. This course requires a lot of reading and studying, but again, it's organic chem."
1052652,"Extremely tough and generally apathetic to whether his students actually pass or not, but you're going to have an incredible understanding of organic chemistry coming out of his class, and in person he is pretty approachable. Do as many of his problems as you can and you should be more prepared for his tests."
1052652,"Jones is effective at teaching orgo. He's knowledgable and has come up with a good structure for the class (especially if you're in the majors section). My main complaint about him is that he can be so unapproachable and he has very little compassion for students that are having a hard time. He's the last person I'd go to for help."
1052652,"Orgo is a hard class and Id rather take Jones anyday.  He focuses on the how and why and doesnt just expect you to memorize.  If you do the group problems and the practice exams theres no reason to not do well in his class.  Going to lecture is EXTREMELY helpful because he spells out the subtleties step by step.  Overall a great professor."
1052652,"Everybody claims MJ is mean and uncaring but he is a teacher who wants you to understand the subject, not just know how to solve problems through repetition. That's why his tests are made up of questions you've never seen anywhere else before. It truly is a class where you get a grade that correlates to how much work you put in."
1052652,"Professor Jones' class was the best one I took in college. He is an asset to the university. If you have to take organic chemistry, don't miss out by taking another professor."
052652,"Even though I love his textbook, he is a hard grader and didn't curve at ALL even though the average was really, really low. The TAs are the worst of the TAs that I have ever met. Beware of the TA with the TK initials because she doesn't give any partial credits! I had to get my exams regraded because of her and thankfully got my points."
1052652,"Jones is an effective and clear lecturer, but it's hard to get individual help in the course, because he's too busy (doesn't have office hours) and the TA's don't speak English.  I've been in NYC my whole life and expect difficulties communicating with taxi drivers and store owners, but it shouldn't have to be that way with my teachers."
good professor. He is famous in the world or chemistry but he doesn't let that feed his ego. His pace is a little quick but keeping up with the book definitely helps."
601915,"The course is difficult, but doable. Mr. Farm will help you, but the key to this course is to use  math learning center. He is a professor that wants to see you pass so he tries to help as much as possible."
601915,"He will answer all the questions you have. And he is willing to give his students a second chance to take passed due hw. Random in class quizzes is easy!"
601915,"Took this class for interest, also was the first math course in College. It was very hard to start with, extensive and new HW every class(Webassign), Prepare to do them, with solid understanding. attendence are vital. Test are very based on in class assignments and lecture examples."
601915,"Mr. Farm is the nicest man you will ever meet. His concepts are easy to figure out. As long as you pay attention and show up, you will be fine."
601915,"Kind of weird, makes corny jokes all the time but one of the better math professors I've had. He's passionate about the subject and it shows. He spends extra time making sure that his students understand the reasons behind why you do certain steps and, for me, it was helpful in my understanding. Recommended."
601915,"Mr. Farm is a good teacher, but is not quite clear on the types of questions we need to go over. The homework and in-class assignments are a lot tougher than the actual exams."
601915,"Mr. Farm knows math and he wants you to learn.  Don't expect him to just give you the answers. He will answer any and every question and clarify anything you need.  Attend class, do the assignments and you'll do fine.  Gives 2 tests (10 questions each) and final (15 questions). Super nice, nerdy guy who's motto is 'Math on!' "
601915,"  He tries his best to make sure everyone gets the help they need.  He tries to make lecture fun. He gives a lot of homework but will extend deadline to the amount of time you need to get done.  He is a good guy.",awesome
601915,"This guy is genuinely there for his students and is willing to help.  I ended the class with 101% in the class, so getting an A isn't an impossible feat.. I suggest doing the all assignments, the study guides, and getting Calc. for dummies, which was a HUGE help for me. DON'T GET THE TEXTBOOK, I NEVER USED IT. PRACTICALLY WORTHLESS."
601915,"The class is difficult, so you will not pass by just attending class and expecting to absorb the information. If you don't put in effort outside of class then you are preparing to fail. Stuart is sometimes hard to follow, but he offers many opportunities to seek help, and he cares about his students. Even though he is goofy, he's a really good guy."
601915,"He might not be the clearest lecturer in the world but he is the absolute BEST one-on-one teacher I had in my four years at UND.  He's so encouraging and genuinely wants his students to do well.  If you're not willing to spend time on the homework & go to his office hours then you probably won't get a good grade, but that's your own fault."
601915,"Extremely difficult class, but a requirement. That being said, even with all the bad reviews Farm knows what he's doing. His classes are difficult to follow and I wouldnt have passed with just attendance. He was available whenever I needed to ask him questions, and once responded to an email of mine at 4:30am. Dont know if I would pass without him"
601915,"Very Helpful and Easy to get help from. Tests are kind of hard but he gives you review sheets. Overall good teacher",awesome
601915,"This guy lectures well but he is so soft spoken that it is imperative to sit right in front to hear him properly. The online homework took me a long time since I was new to Calculus, but it is the best way to learn the material. At one point he provided evidence to support Noah's flood and Earth's age which was a misuse of his position."
601915,"He tries to crack jokes during class form time to time, some funny some others not so. His notes are a little random and not so in-depth, but he is very willing to work with you in and out side of class! Don't be afraid to ask questions!!! His tests can be easy if you study and they are not take home tests!",average
601915,"I don't see why everyone has such a problem with him.  I like his teaching style and you learn quite a bit from it.  Take the class from him if you actually want to learn and not fall behind for the next Calc class.  He's helpful and accomodating after class also.."