45881,"I recently just finished taking Comp 110 with Rand and it was the hardest class of my freshman semester. He takes it way too serious for a 100 level class. 80% of the class is papers so you would think you control the grade you get, right? Wrong.  He will tear apart your paper and give you a bad grade despite your efforts. I worked hard for a C."
45881,"Tough grader on papers make sure you do your work and drafts. Participation grades save you in the long run. Dont miss class and do your work. Go to the tutor center helps alot"
45881,"Do not take English 110 with Rand. I don't feel any better at writing due to his confusing grading style. "45881,"Professor Steven Rand is very unclear and grades very hard. If you are in his English classes, drop if you want something less than a C. He hates that 'students were graded too easy in high school' so in response to that, he likes to fail his students."
45881,"Not good."
45881,"He is a unruly professor. He grades on how he feels your ideas are. There is never a right answer, papers can ALWAYS use improvement. I would not recommend him to anyone wanting a grade over a C, even to get that you must put in an excessive amount of time into each paper."
45881,"He is confusing in every aspect: in lecture, in assignments and in critiquing. His assignments are mundane and never change.  I expected to explore writing and become better.  He is an impossible grader, espcially because he grades on how HE feels about your ideas, not on grammer or content.  VERY DISAPPOINTING."

45881,"Worst teacher I have had at UND. Sorry I don't have a PhD in English. His grading style is way too rough for a 125 class. nobody in my class has an A. I have put in 3x more hours for this class than any other but still this class is my worst grade. If possible, avoid this teacher!"
45881,"Stevevn Rand was the absolute worst professor i have ever had.  He's without a doubt the hardest teacher you can take for any english classes.  He grades extremely hard, and not at the level of a 100 class. Also Steven Rand is the biggest &quot;Creeper&quot; he makes everyone around him feel extremely uncomfortable."

45881,"This is the hardest 100 level class ever. It doesn't matter if you dedicate your life to this class, you still won't get an A! Take it a another semester or with a different professor. His directions are unclear. He goes against everything the book says, but tells you to use the book.  He's confusing, a hard grader, and a different guy. STAY AWAY!!"
45881,"I took 125 because I heard it was easier than 120 unless you get a certain professor. Well this is that professor. He's a nice guy but expects perfection and is out of touch with reality. The class is boring and hard, and the book is expensive. First paper was 3-4 pages, last will be 15 with each in between getting larger. Would NOT recommend him."
45881,"I think he is a great guy to just talk about music, and fun stuff outside of school, but he never answers questions you have, and gives like a couple B's in the class the rest...  you know..."

45881,"Never understood what was asking for because he never told you what he really wanted you to do. He's a total ****."
45881,"impossible to get a good grade"
45881,"No Comments"
45881,"Rediculous teacher...kills you on stupid details"

601915,"Everyday there is a WebAssign assignment given out (very time consuming and they don't help you on the exams). The three exams he gives are extremely HARD!, all I can say is just practice ... a lot. I got a F on my first exam and had to ace the rest to get an A overall. lastly, the final will wreck you, the girl sitting next to me cried during it."

601915,"Stuart is among the nicest professors I've ever had. Unfortunately this didn't translate into him being an effective one. Prepare for loads of homework and daily quizzes."
601915,"Terrible teacher all around. Had him my first year in college for math and got stuck with him again my junior year and nothing changed.. he maybe even got worse.."
601915,"This class is  a giant headache. So far, we've had over 30 assignments(only worth 20% of grade) that each take hours to complete, because Stuart puts many problems that we never went over in class . On top of that, we have weekly comprehensive quizzes that are inconsistent in difficulty and points. Simply, I pity anyone who has to take this class."
601915,"Stuart Farm, so far, has been the worst professor I have had. He grades so harshly that it is almost impossible to get even a C. (At one point I had a 48%) (& Im the average A/B student) He gives weekly quizzes and gives time consuming homework. I would not recommend him."
601915,"He is the worst teacher that I have had for the past ten years. He goes way overboard with trying to explain things, and when he does explain things, it doesn't show up on the test or quizzes. There are many other students in my class that have no idea what is going on. Don't take any of his classes. You have to teach yourself the lessons."
601915,"Stuart Farm is a nice guy and cares about his students, but that doesn't result in effective teaching or keeping the class engaged. He doesn't seem to understand that students taking Math146 are the least likely to raise there hand and contribute, and you can't have a discussion with 100 people. For grades, watch him like a hawk and email him ASAP."
601915,"Mr. Farm was a nice guy and tried to make everyone laugh. But points wise I had an A, because of his curve I had a C. He never explained anything and if you asked him a question he never seemed to answer it. I would avoid taking his class, unless you want to fail. "
601915,"Seems like a nice guy, but he expects you to know calculus coming into the class and doesn't give much for notes. ",average
601915,"Annoying, not helpful. Incredibly unclear."
601915,"The amount of homework is absolutely ridiculous and he doesn't explain anything very well in calss"
601915,"I got an A in my high school precalc class. I decided to retake this after being out of school for nearly 2 years. I only managed a D in this class. I could not understand anything he was teaching. My girlfriend didn't even know and she was in calc 2. Over taught everything beyond most of the class' knowledge. "
601915,"Mr. Farm is hands down just not clear in any area of the classes he teaches. It seems that there is about a 5050 split between students who get what he is teaching and those who don't. I would not recommend taking a class with him."
601915,"Farm makes college algebra into rocket science. He makes solving and explaining every problem way harder than it needs to be and never clearly outlines the steps. His tests are way harder than the homework and there is a 'learning tool' a.k.a. a quiz everyday in class. STAY AWAY! You'll regret taking this class and you don't even get credit for it."
601915,"Taught as if we already knew what he was teaching. Did not notice when the class was really confused. Very nice guy, total geek which made him so likeable."
601915,"Mr. Farm is one of my least favorite professors. The problems he shows us in class are completely different from the web-assigns. This whole semester I have been teaching myself how to do everything. Would not recommend!!!  "
601915,"Hardest class I've ever taken.  Web assign assignments took me hours to complete because I had to teach myself the stuff that he was supposed to teach me.  Boring lectures and hard tests.  His favorite saying is 'math on!' so just from that you can imagine that he is a complete nerd, although he is nice.  "
601915,"Literally the worst. Funny/dry humor, but he will not work with you."
601915,"The review sheets he gives you before hand are much easier than the questions on the test.  You will think you are prepared and then you'll get stumped by trick questions."
601915,"Well... All I can say I that I showed up to every one of this guys class and I still somehow pulled a C out of nowhere... Thinks he is funny and tests are hard.. In class work has nothing to do with Web Assign homework.... GOOD LUCK"
601915,"He's so sweet, but not a professor I would recommend. You will never, ever use the book, so don't buy it. His exams are basically trick questions from all the sections, and he's looking for perfection. He's a hard grader and in my opinion, unfair."
601915,"Farm is a nice guy. The problem is what he goes over in class and then what the assignments look like are two different things. If you don't want to be frustrated and feeling lost all the time avoid him at all cost's"
601915,"Stuart Farm was a nice enough guy, but that gets you nowhere with teaching. His lectures are all over the place and do not relate to the online assignments at all. His lectures are scattered, covering things randomly and unevenly, and he goes through material way too fast. I would not recommend him as a teacher."
601915,"Lectures had nothing to do with the online assignments.  Notes were not helpful at all.  Basically taking a class with no teacher. Probably better off just trying to learn from the book and skipping class.  Switched sections after week and a half"
601915,"I've only been in his class for a week and I hate it! I used to love going to math class he just makes it frustrating! Lectures have nothing to do with online assignments, his notes don't even make sense, and he doesn't put any examples into action so your always clueless! Goes through things way to fast as well! Waste of my hard earned money!"
601915,"cannot get his point across, is very confusing, puts all the trick questions on the tests and makes it difficult for students.Would not recommended him to any one."
601915,"TERRIBLE. Absolutley hated his class. He just assumes everyone understands the information and never asks if you actually get it or not. Also he moves really fast through the material which can be a bad thing when he sucks at teaching it."
601915,"Avoid! At the start of the semester I looked at this site on him and it was a 1.9 I didn't think much of it I figured just as long as I show up to class and do the work I will do fine. Well I did all of that and I studied many many hours before tests and it never paid off. What Im trying to say is that Farm makes the class harder than it should be."
601915,"If you're looking to understand math, do not take it with farm."
601915,"i would give this teacher a .8"
601915,"Horrible teacher, I would never sign up for a class with this guy again"
601915,"Terrible teacher. I will not ever take a class from him again. his grading is so unfair. dont ever think you can take a class and get a grade you deserve from farm"
601915,"for those who struggle at all with math...dont take a class from farm.  He teaches by showing the most complicated problem first then works backward...very difficult to learn anything from his lectures."
601915,"Although nice, and somewhat approachable, his teaching methods are very hard to learn from. He also gives extremely long and hard exams, which most of the class fails. The class average four our first exam was an F. I would not recommend this class for anyone who wants a good grade, or has a hard time teaching themselves math."
601915,"stuart is very hard to understand and his tests are also very hard. Do not take a class from him"
601915,"the whole class failed the first test.. hes a great guy but his teaching method is not the best.. i hardly understood anything"
601915,"Absolutely Boring, not to mention wierd. Havn't taken a test yet but I assume I won't do well because his teaching methods suck."
601915,"terrible sucks at teaching very unhelpful"
277557,"His tests suck! They are super unclear and you end up trying to read his mind. 'How many straight sections of the colon?' Could be 2 or 3 depending on his thoughts.  He is a veterinary science guy, not an intro to anatomy. He might be better at higher level anatomy classes, but not for an intro class. He likes to show off how smart he is."
277557,"His tests for the intro to anatomy and physiology class were ridiculously hard. He gives you a study guide but that doesn't really help you. His multiple choice tests are A-F sometimes A-J. After the second test with a  class  average of 50% or lower it really discouraged people to even try. His questions are tricky and sometimes out of context."
277557,"Exceptionally smart, very high expectations. Sometimes it felt like he had a hard time bringing his level of knowledge down to us just learning Anatomy. Don't even think about skipping class. Read like your life depends on it. He adjusts at the end of the semester, try your best to stay above the class average, which is surprisingly hard to do..."
277557,"Dr. Shively is a hilarious genius, but in my opinion, not the best teacher.  I enjoyed going to class for the sole purpose of observing his personality, but most of the time I spent wondering what I was paying for.  He wrote the book on anatomy (literally) and if you take this class at UVU, your ONLY option is to know it inside and out. GOOD LUCK!"
277557,"It's actually a 9 hour a week class that you only get 4 credit hours for (3 in lecture + 1 in testing center + 3  in lab + 2 in open lab required for STA to sign off on your hw  9 hrs). If that doesn't sound like your cup of tea don't take it. The students who pass this class plan ahead and don't take a full semester load, the rest fail. "
277557,"I hated this class!  Shively has a LOT of knowledge on the subject, which is great but without recording the class or having a photographic memory there is no way you will pass. His tests are ridiculously tricky and you basically just have to guess. Oh wait even if you do he will mark you wrong on every test.... EVEN If you are right!  "
277557,"Very difficult class. Shively know what he's talking about and teaches to show off his knowledge. Tests are incredibly hard and very tricky. He doesn't test your knowledge - he tests your guessing ability. "
277557,"Take from somewhere else. You will tear your hair out at the amount of work and time you will spend. I lived in the lab and studied like crazy, but did not pass. The tests are a huge downfall. You will not regret taking it from another university."
277557,"If you do not have a job, and all you do is school, this class may be slightly easier for you. But it would be a lie to say he is a good teacher, or grades fairly. The study guides, and going to class contained maybe 10% of what is actually on the tests. The average test scores are around 35%."
277557,"Shively is a good lecturer in that what he says is engaging and interesting to learn.  His tests though are horrendous. He does exactly what they say not to do when giving a test, and makes it so that everyone fails.  This is just the intro. class, yet it felt like the real thing minus the lab.  Do not take this class!"
277557,"This was the hardest and the most rewarding class you will ever take.  You can practically applied the material taught in class into reality.  Be motivated and dedicated to this class and an A is possible.  If you work for it you can get it.  Must love to read to understand to survive this class."
277557,"I was a straight A student. I studied every day. Once a week I stayed up ALL night studying. I got a B-. There was just too much material to cover and the lecture quizes are tricky even if &quot;Mr.&quot; shively disagrees. I'm embarrassed that I worked so hard and did so poorly. Thank you Mr. Shively"
277557,"LITERALLY JUST STAY AWAY. TAKE IT FROM ANOTHER SCHOOL. I have always been a straight A student. I recieved a C+ in this class. I spent an average of 20+ hours in the lab a week and ten hours studying the lecture book. RUN AWAY NOW. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME.."
277557,"I don't even know where to begin. The quizzes and tests are so ridiculous. Studying does no good whatsoever. Usually the class average on a quiz is around 35-50%. Shively is definately better than the other teachers. This class is literally a joke."
277557,"Just about everything in lecture is right out of the textbook. Tests are extremely hard and tricky. He's not interested in teaching, just interested in complete memorization of his 1000 page text. Doesn't want right answers, want his answers. I would take this class at another university."
277557,"He's boring and his tests are tricky and dumb."
277557,"Anatomy has always been my favorite subject till I took this class. I took it as an elective. Shively's tests and quizzes do not coordinate with material covered in class or what is in the book. He seems to like to watch us all struggle and fail. This class was a complete waste of time-if it isn't absolutely required for your major- don't take it."
277557,"Doesn't prepare you for tests.  Hard test writer, often crude and offensive."
277557,"He thrives off of failing students and the on the midterm the high was a 62%!  All the quizzes and tests contain material not gone over in class or in the text.  DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS FROM HIM!"
277557,"This course is super hard for an intro class. The majority of the class was failing all quizzes and tests. He would teach us the simple things and then test us on the more complex things that weren't ever explained in class. Good luck!"
277557,"Words tests so they are next to impossible to understand. And students do not receive results of tests a quizzes till sometimes a month after it was taken. Very hard to study for the next test/quiz when you don't know how you did on the first one."
277557,"He is a Nice guy, but who cares&#63; he wants to fail you, I spent every night at lab, and it was not good enough, he wants to trick you, IMPOSSIBLE tests! he knows his stuff, but does not want you to learn it or would not make it so hard!. Take it at BYU, take it somewhere else. He is obssessed with the subject,even wrote songs about it!way too hard!"
277557,"very hard, and intends to keep it that way.  I had a 4.0, and I couldn't pass his class.  It's just ridiculous"
277557,"he tests far beyound his teaching."
103621,"If you're confused during a lecture don't ask him just google it or something. Because he'll just confuse you even more. There's quite a heavy work and little room for messing up (just like most classes). Exams are borderline brutal and he offers very little extra credit to fix that. You're supposed to read all 24 assigned chapters. 30 Pages each."
103621,"Does not like to help students and is rude when questions are asked in class. He never understood where students were coming from and confused the class every time he tried to clarify something. He really just wanted to teach Ornithology to the class when we were in 1610."
103621,"Wayne is a nice guy, but a horrible teacher. When you ask questions in class he hardly ever understands and will go off and answer a totally different question that has nothing to do with what you asked.  He requires you to buy the expensive clicker, text book, and online access. His tests and quizzes are also worded strangely and extremely hard."
103621,"Its possible to get an A, you will for sure learn the material, but most of that will be accredited to the homework you do. If you ask a question in class, he won't understand it, he'll go on a big rant about something unrelated to the question, and a person who sits by you will end up answering your question. "
103621,"Great guy, but poor teaching skills. I would not recommend taking a class from him unless you already have a good understanding of biology and enjoy teaching yourself the material. He gives tons of pre-lecture quizzes and the tests were rough. I didn't learn much from his class."
103621,"Great as a person outside of class, BUT A HORRIBLE TEACHER!! When asked a question, he wouldn't answer, or would expect you to know. Wasn't able to answer his own test questions, test questions were incorrect and from a different book. He is not the teacher for learning Bio."
103621,"Whaley is a character.  The first three sections I went every day and studied his power points, I got a 67, 72, and a 71. I started going once a week, and studying the book only.  I started getting 90's on his exams.  He was rude to me whenever I went to his office to talk to him.  Stay with the book, you'll be fine."
103621,"Hard class you have to study like crazy!! Prof. wasn't too bad though."
103621,"he speaks another language! He is unorganized, and doesn't answer questions well."
103621,"He might know the material he is teaching but he is terrible at getting that information to me the student. He tells you to remember things that aren't on the tests. If you enjoy teaching yourself biology and wasting time in his class and then teaching yourself through the book you'll LOVE this class. Worst class i have ever taken."
103621,"He's not the best at explaining stuff so you'll end up reading the book half a dozen times. His tests are l ike passing a kidney stone. seriously. If you are good at learning on your own, i'd recommend him. You'll like the way he puts stuff &quot;best hearing you'll ever hear.&quot; &quot;much more lesser&quot;"
103621,"very bad teacher...arrogant, childish, selfish, unclear.  he actually made people in my class feel bad/stupid for asking questions - they wouldn't ask questions again after that. i got an A, you can if the text becomes your best friends and you are willing to put up with a dork/jerk for a teacher and &quot;jump through his hoops.&quot;"
103621,"What a moron!  I don't know where this guy acquired his degree but he can't teach.  Beware Bio at the U or the Y prior to coming here.  This teacher sucks!"
1307460,"I would not recommend taking this course online. The teacher has a very structured and organized course. As well as a bunch of lectures that took him some time to make, so props to him. However, the tests are very hard to understand. If you take this class... study study study. Go over every thing. Especially the Chem section..."
1307460,"I would not recommend taking this class online. It was very difficult for me to understand the lectures. He requires his students to take the final exam at the UVU testing center so you really need to know what is going on in the class if you want to get a good grade on the exam. For now on I will be taking my science classes in person."
1307460,"Dr Parker is fairly nice and wants to help. He will answer questions that you ask in and after class. Grade comes from tests, but the lowest exam is dropped and replaced with top 10 quiz scores which is helpful. His tests are difficult. They are meant to trick you. Super ambiguous questions that leave you guessing even when you know the material."
103621,"Terrible. Doesn't provide any help outside of class. Requires you to already know the information and do the homework before he teaches it to you. Completely useless as a professor."
103621,"Do not take Biology 1610 from Whaley. He is so confusing and doesn't teach anything that is on his tests. Not only that, but he expects you to know things that aren't even in the book. He goes off on random tangents about birds all the time. He doesn't ever understand any ones questions so you don't get a clear understanding."
103621,"He's one of those teachers who thinks all you do is attend their class and study biology.  Half of the tests he gives are open on saturday and if you take them on monday you pay a fee. If you dont understand the concepts prior to class you may leave confused as he mixes up words and concepts.  He's a less than average professor."
103621,"Very scatter brained, and hates awnsering questins i class. He loves laughing at himself teaching because he doesnt comprehend that his students dont understand what he teaches. DO the MASTERING BIOLOGY and you may pass."
103621,"Showing up to class will prove uneventful given that it is entirely possible to get an A in the class from simply showing up on the first day and once again on the last day for the final exam. It is likely that many students will gain nothing from showing up to class on a daily basis."
103621,"he is a great guy but does not know how to teach these classes at a lower level. upper level classes are great. he does not like to answer questions, tests are way hard. take another teacher if possible, if not you will live in your book if you want to pass."

103621,"Real smart man. But terrible at sharing what he knows. Very confusing. If you take his class plan on learning the stuff on your own because his lectures are not helpful at all. I had the hardest times staying awake in class :( A zoologist teaching biology didn't seem to mix well"
103621,"Definitely a bird man. Little scattered sometimes on his lectures. Read the book, attend class and go through his power points and you will do fine"
103621,"Mr. Whaley is decent.  His tests and quizzes are quite easy even without reading regularly as long as you show up to class.  However, if you're actually trying to learn the subject it can be very difficult.  He's is very poor with answering questions and he often goes on long tangents.  Easy for science credit, poor for learning."
103621,"His lectures are ridiculously hard to understand and he never actually teaches the material covered on the 6 midterm tests that are given during the semester.  You are forced to learn solely from the textbook. I would avoid his class like the plague but I hear the other BIOL 1610 teachers aren't any better..."
1307460,"Dr Parker is fairly nice and wants to help. He will answer questions that you ask in and after class. Grade comes from tests, but the lowest exam is dropped and replaced with top 10 quiz scores which is helpful. His tests are difficult. They are meant to trick you. Super ambiguous questions that leave you guessing even when you know the material."
1307460,"Dr Parker is fairly nice and wants to help. He will answer questions that you ask in and after class. Grade comes from tests, but the lowest exam is dropped and replaced with top 10 quiz scores which is helpful. His tests are difficult. They are meant to trick you. Super ambiguous questions that leave you guessing even when you know the material."
1307460,"Dr. Parker seems as though he wants you to learn but his test questions can be difficult. Don't miss class and when you study for the tests, stress the details covered in class and on the powerpoints. Your grade will seem to be low because of your test scores but if you do well on the quizzes, your grade will be better than expected. Good luck."
1307460,"Dont expect to pass his class. He is not a good teacher. He is on chptr 10 but, all the hmw to be done is online and they r on chptr 13.he wont mov dates. His test don't make sense. says his test r only on stuff covered in class &they're not. There is nothin on your grade but the exams. no homework no attendance just the tests."
1307460,"He says everything that we're tested on is in his powerpoints. A lot of the time, things are not in the powerpoints or they're in powerpoints that we haven't even covered yet. So things that haven't been introduced in class (or the powerpoints he's gone over) are on the tests. He gets annoyed if you ask questions in email, or doesn't answer email"
1307460,"HOrrible teacher to communicate with. Sent emails, canvas messages and no response ever!! How is a student suppose to communicate with the professor when he is ill. His lectures are hard and and test format is confusing. Only thing good about his class is that he records his lectures."
1307460,"The worst biology teacher I have ever had. He's rude to students questions in class. Tests are extremely hard, and questions are very poorly written. Quizes are hard but if you work in groups you'll be okay. Is a horrible teacher. This class could be really cool, but because you spend the entire semester trying to figure out what he wants its not."
1307460,"The worse professor at UVU. He should not teach. He doesn't care about students nor your learning. He is lazy and will not answer your questions. Studying will not help and listening to lectures won't do much either. He has tenure but needs to replaced fast. There needs to be another option for cell bio at UVU. Unfortunately will not learn much."
1307460,"He is an average lecturer. He is pretty clear most of the time. Although most of what he tests on is taught in class he seems to stress things differently than the book. Some things he stresses are not even in the book. This class was difficult for me for this reason. Also, fill in the blank quizzes are vague and it is difficult to guess his answer"
1307460,"Course lacks structure. Doesn't use the book very much and the lectures are aimless.  I have a 3.8 gpa all science/math courses (no generals) so I feel I know my stuff..don't take this class from parker.  Hardest (and not the good kind of hard where you actually learn) B+ I've ever gotten."
1307460,"His general biology course is fairly difficult. Makes you memorize specific things that are useless. 25 minute 'recap' of what we learned last time. Only really learning 25 minutes of new content each class"
1307460,"he's a really nice guy and when you go to class it seems like it won't be super hard if you pay attention and take notes. but when you take tests and quizzes you realize that almost nothing that was discussed in class is on the tests. EVERYTHING is from the book. the only way to get a good grade is to memorize the text book."
1307460,"Biology is a really hard class in general I think he's a pretty funny guy, he helped me when I needed it. The tests are difficult and the quizzes he gives every week were also difficult, you really have to know the information he teaches and if you don't know ASK and read ahead in the book. I liked him as a teacher but biology is just a hard class."
1307460,"My advice: STUDY!!!! his tests are extremely hard. He quizzes you on things he hasn't taught yet so you're gonna have to read the textbook. You're only graded on quizzes, 3 exams, and the final. The good thing about this class is there's no homework. Just study hard. I'm lucky if I even pass this class."
1307460,"Unpleasant expereince! Very poor teaching style. Teaches casually, but tests VERY specifically. Don't take this class from this teacher. He has so little trust in students and plans teaching and material around that. Please be aware if you are an &quot;A&quot; type student."
1307460,"Hard teacher, not recommend if you are taking this class for general ed. credit."
1307460,"I do like his personality and way of teaching. His tests are half info from class and half knowing how the entire WOLRD works! I did learn some from his class because I had to work my butt off to even get a 65% on the tests. He does normalize which is how I pulled a C. But I am a straight A student! He is hard to get ahold of out of class."
1307460,"This class was way rough. I never missed class and still had no idea what he was talking about. He is very hard to get in contact with and when you do contact him is isn't very nice or helpful at all. I wouldn't take this class if you don't know anything about bio because he jumps right into things and moves very fast. The tests are very hard!"
1307460,"Professor Parker is really hard!  All his material comes out of his lectures so missing class is not an option.  I had to miss several classes due to my daughter's health problems and Professor Parker would never return my emails.  I had a really difficult time with this class."
1141164,"Mr. Weber is not a bad teacher. He doesn't grade fair, if you have to make up a test he grades it himself and is a lot tougher than the grad students that do it. In lecture he will answer questions but makes the person feel stupid. Lectures are slow because no one will answer. My adviser told me she had heard from a bunch of students he is not good"
1141164,"His teaching style isn't all that great. If math is not your strongest subject, you probably will struggle."
1141164,"Weber is a good guy, it sucks that he's a terrible teacher. This was his first time teaching this class (History of Math) to the best of my knowledge, so maybe I just had a bad experience off that. He's a tough grader, it's really hard to tell what he wants sometimes. "
1141164,"Weber is a good guy, it sucks that he's a terrible teacher. This was his first time teaching this class (History of Math) to the best of my knowledge, so maybe I just had a bad experience off that. He's a tough grader, it's really hard to tell what he wants sometimes. "
1141164,"Weber is a good professor if you can live up to his type of teaching style. He's extremely rude though if you are to ask a 'stupid' question. I took this class twice, and still didn't pass with a C. I had peers that were in for their 3rd and 4th attempts. Take this class online through LCCC or EWCC."
1141164,"Dr. Weber really does try to help his students, but is very rude if the student asks a question that is 'stupid' in his opinion. He teaches formulas and rarely does more than one example of a concept. I have learned more from Kahn Academy than from him. I would not suggest him to anyone. He grades very difficult."
1141164,"Most comments put forth about this teacher are pretty accurate. The prereq for this class was as easy A for me. I then get brutally savaged by the first test. My primary complaint is his inability to teach what you need to know for the test. I took my W and will be retaking it with a foreign student as a teacher. Yes Weber is that bad."
1141164,"Most comments put forth about this teacher are pretty accurate. The prereq for this class was as easy A for me. I then get brutally savaged by the first test. My primary complaint is his inability to teach what you need to know for the test. I took my W and will be retaking it with a foreign student as a teacher. Yes Weber is that bad."
1141164,"terrible teacher. monotone...boring...just writes as you copy... no practice in class... test way harder than any problem on homework or in class. stay clear!"
1141164,"He gives fairly good lectures up until the sections become complicated. Can be very rude to students after poor exam grades and can be downright arrogant when talking with students 1 on 1. Does NOT prepare you for exams and does not give you a good idea of what material will be on the exam. Loves to 'massage' equations a little bit too much..."
1141164,"He's a terrible teacher, the homework system is awful. He doesn't make anything clear, and the tests are hard compared to the homework (which isn't lenient to mistakes). DON'T take this teacher."
1141164,"I felt that the homework was simple yet the tests were hard compared to what we were taught in class. I felt he didnt care about the sucess of his students. I did not enjoy this class because of him."
1141164,"Not helpful at all... Tests are very difficult while class lecture examples are very simple in nature."
1141164,"Sorry, but for someone of his stature in the UW math department methinks Mr. Skeletor here takes himself way too seriously."
1141164,"Condescending and disrespectful towards students. Not recommended, obviously."
158088,"Class lectures do not have anything to do with textbook reading. He talks about sports cars and tells funny stories but he's off topic. Homework is 800 point quizzes (sometimes 1200 points) and difficult because you must teach yourself the material. Class is curved. 2 exams, several quizzes, 2 book reports. Proceed with caution."
158088,"Very knowledgeable about the subject. Goes off topic, but covers everything. Gives good life examples. Class is not very fun, but if you write the papers (a well written paper) and try on the homework, you can pass. He curves to the class average, so if you try you can pass. Not the best professor, but if you try you can pass with at least a C."
158088,"if you think you could pass this class through hard work, then good luck. the only way to pass this class is through the curve and only the curve.  i got an A tho"
158088,"The one good thing I have to say about him is he doesn't hide anything. He has everything on the page for his online class. But his lectures barely helped on the homework and barely did anything for the test. I basically had to teach myself. Would not take him again, given the option, choose another teacher, PLEASE!!"
158088,"He is confusing and tries to be funny. Received a D in the class. Some of my friends had better experiences. He does post everything online. He records his lectures so attendance isn't mandatory but your grade reflects your effort."
158088,"Went out of my way to tell you to not take this professor. Goes of topic, explains vaguely, expects you to know the material yourself. 2 term papers, 1 midterm and a final along with homework that's difficult. Wouldn't recommend."
158088,"This class is just work, work, work. I am usually good with keeping up with assignments but the way this professor sets everything up is just confusing! I go to every lecture take notes and pay close attention but to me it seems like the exams are just so far off from the lectures! I am so confused in this class and I don't understand anything. "